TRANSCRIPCIÓN - Telefónica
Fecha: 2026-03-18 09:49:55
================================================================================

Good morning and welcome to Telefonica's conference call to discuss January to December 2025
results. I'm Thorsten Achtmann from Investor Relations. Before proceeding, let me mention
that the financial information contained in this document has been prepared under international
financial reporting standards as adopted by the European Union. This financial information
is unaudited. This conference call and webcast including the Q&A session may contain forward
looking statements and information relating to the Telefonica group. These statements may include
financial or operating forecasts and estimates or statements regarding plans objectives and
expectations regarding different matters. All forward looking statements involve risks and
uncertainties that could cause the final developments and results to materially differ
from those expressed or implied by such statements. We encourage you to review
our publicly available disclosure documents filed with the relevant securities market regulators.
If you don't have a copy of the relevant press release and the slides,
please contact Telefonica's Investor Relations team.
Now let me turn the call over to our chairman and CEO Mr. Mark Murtra.
Good morning everyone and welcome to Telefonica's fourth quarter and full year results call.
I am here today with Emilio Rallo, Chief Operating Officer, Juan Azpue, Chief Financial
and Corporate Development Officer and Lutz Schuler, CEO of Virgin Media O2. Last November
at our Capital Markets Day we presented our strategic plan Transform and Grow that had
the clear challenge to provide citizens the best access to digital technologies.
The fundamental access on a high level are clear for us. We are committed to offering additional
and enhanced customer services to drive growth in our core markets. We are building a more
innovative and competitive company, simplifying business units and shifting operational
responsibility to markets with an ambitious and effective management focused on growth
and efficiency. Absolute commitment to guidance and financial discipline and we are building a
stronger more competitive European operator. These access and purpose fit our 2025 results
where we delivered on our commitments and where we achieved important milestones.
Let me highlight the 2025 results where we have delivered on our financial commitments in
2025. At the same time we made significant progress setting the business up for a stronger
future. Importantly we exited the year with improving momentum. In the quarter momentum
continued with adjusted EBITDA and operating cash flow after leases accelerated. Adjusted EBITDA
constant Forex growth reached 2.8 percent and adjusted operating cash flow after leases grew
nearly 13 percent. B2B was particularly highlight growing 7.3 percent in the quarter.
Our business performance was equally encouraging. In Spain we delivered the strongest growth in
more than seven years on the back of our premium positioning and improved commercial
performance. In Brazil our customer base grew to record levels and in Germany
consumer perception of the O2 brand continued its positive strength trend.
Beyond the financial results we continued to both simplify and drive long-term value creation for
the Telefonica group. We accelerated the pace of our portfolio transformation significantly
reducing our exposure in hispan and have now more or less exited the region with six
out of eight markets sold. We also reached a formal agreement with our label unions to improve
productivity in Spain and this agreement is currently being implemented. This is an important
step to build a leaner and faster moving organization. These are part of a broader
efficiency drive that is already flowing through our cost base. Taken together these
achievements represent a solid foundation for 2026 execution. Moving to slide three
at the capital markets day we define the six strategic pillars underpinning our transform
and grow strategy. During the end of 2025 we have already executed on these pillars.
The first three are delivering a best-in-class customer experience expanding B2C offering and
scaling B2B. Let me highlight some of our achievements here that we are looking to build
on in the future. In 2025 our network leadership drove commercial results.
We want customers retain them longer and delivered services they value as our NPS
and customer lifetime value reflected. We also secured our leading position with for example
the renewal of La Liga and the UEFA rights in Spain. In Brazil Vivo Total represents 43 percent
of FTHH customers and we believe that we will grow that as we expand the customer proposition.
We are building out the ecosystem into smart home security fintech and consumer electronics.
In Germany fixed broadband expansion is the path to converge our strong mobile base.
The fourth pillar evolving technological capabilities we continue to invest in the
best network experience for our customers. Beyond building networks we are changing how
we operate them with advanced automation for example. The fifth pillar is simplifying our
operating model. The goal is making a leaner more agile Telefonica ensuring our investments
deliver improved returns. Copper switch-off in Spain was a milestone this year and has already
started in Brazil. The workforce transformation agreement is concluded and on track to deliver
approximately 0.6 billion euros in run rate savings by 2028. We made clear progress on
portfolio management execution completing four ESPAM exits in 2025. Let me now turn to the
priorities for 2026 in a transform and grow plan that will drive the next phase of growth.
Delivering best-in-class customer experience is one of the clearest way to drive long-term
value. When interactions are simpler and more tailored satisfaction increases leading to greater
loyalty higher ARPU lower churn and higher customer lifetime value. At a group level we are
focused on ensuring faster incident resolution and we are also rolling out AI based hyper
personalization across key channels. This effect is included in the 2026 capex of the group.
In B2C we are further driving convergence and deepening customer relationship by bringing
more into each household. Customers who bundle multiple service such as connectivity,
content devices and other services stay longer, spend more and churn less. This creates a
structural opportunity to grow ARPU efficiently. In B2B we are scaling our digital services
portfolio across the group with a particular focus on cyber security and cloud as well as
defense in Spain. Our trusted position with enterprise and public sector clients give us
a strong foundation to grow recurring revenues. 2026 is already a significant year for cost
efficiencies. We are accelerating the simplification, optimizing leases, renegotiation
team, vendor contracts and streamlining structures. In Brazil we're now shutting
down our copper network to concentrate our resources on a single modern infrastructure.
We continue to focus on the spam exit already have closed two transactions in the year to date.
Last week Nextfiber announced the acquisition of Netomnia to become the largest full fiber
outlet in the UK and will reach 8 million premise passed. We achieve this without a
significant equity contribution from Telefonica. These initiatives show how transform and grow
comes to life. We enter 2026 with a focused portfolio, stronger commercial momentum in core
markets and a clear set of priorities already in execution. Moving to guidance for 2026.
We expect constant revenue and adjusted the bidder growth of 1.5 to 2.5 percent
and capex to sales ratio of around 12 percent. We expected an adjusted operating cash flow after
leases growth of more than 2 percent, demonstrating operating leverage at the adjusted operating
cash flow after leases level. We expect free cash flow of 3 billion euros, an upgrade to
the upper end of the range given at the capital market state supported by the Q4 momentum.
We continue to expect leverage to progress towards our target of 2.5 times net depth
divided by adjusted the bid down in 2028 to which we are fully committed to.
We reconfirm our 15 euro cents dividend per share in 2026. We also reconfirm all of our
three and five-year targets outlined at the capital market state. Now let me hand over to
Emilio to take you through our operation performance in more detail.
Thank you Mark. On to slide six to review our domestic business.
2025 was a landmark year for Telefónica Spain delivering growth and record-breaking
achievements. We recorded excellent commercial performance reporting in 2025 the best KPIs
since 2018. This is the result of a strict daily execution to deliver excellent service.
Leveraging our superior network and quality, strong ecosystem and digital services and smart
cementation. All driving high customer satisfaction with the best MPS being a
competitive advantage. I am proud to highlight the record fiber and TV net ads and a robust
portability ratios. We achieved the highest customer base ever in contract mobile and fixed
broadband. Convergent ARPU remains at leading levels around 90 euros and churn reached 0.7%
in Q4, the lowest level since we launched our convergent proposition.
The key drivers of churn reduction is the improved customer experience. Our focus on
operational excellence and improvement in key processes allowed us to reduce call volumes
by 10% and claims by 50% in just three years. In B2C our digital ecosystem and premium content
are key levers to increase loyalty and customer lifetime value. Customers with alarms exceeded
600,000. Customers with football grew year on year and three out of four customers have a device.
All these customers have a significant lower chance while driving revenues up.
In B2B we also have a strong momentum. We are the best positioned player in the IT business
which is a growth engine. Lungs such as Titan connect assure continuous connectivity for
businesses and drives new digital services that will foster further growth. From a
financial standpoint Spain is delivering profitable growth and solid cash generation
with all key financial methods growing at the same time for the first time since 2008.
Prevenance growth steadily supported by both residential and B2B with IT maintaining double
digit growth. Adjusted EBITDA continues to grow year on year with margins around
57% reflecting operating leverage and cost discipline. New personal efficiency initiatives
signed at the end of 2025 will deliver more than 250 million euros in savings by 2026.
Finally our capacity support sustainable adjusted EBITDA and cash flow growth with
fiber and 5G networks already deployed. 2025 has been a remarkable year for our business
in Spain delivering strong performance and better positioning us to capture growth ahead.
In 2026 we aim to accelerate year on year growth rates across key financial metrics
leveraging further commercial momentum and execution of our efficiency agenda.
Onto the next slide. Telefonica Brazil consolidated its position as the leading
digital platform in the market delivering a strong commercial and financial performance
in 2025. Our operating strategy brought successful in vivo reached an all-time high
in the access base. At the same time our focus on upselling data new B2C digital services
and convergence and convergence enhance the lifetime value of our accesses.
In mobile differentiating network quality and customer experience drive growth in the contract
segment with positive portability versus all operators. APU continues to grow while
charge remains at very low levels. In fixed fiber connection increased
double-digit mainly driven by our flexed conversion offer and charge reduction.
Vivo total saw an impressive increase year on year and already accounts for 53% of fiber
connections setting a new standard for quality and customer retention. On financial let me
highlight the solid growth above inflation in key metrics. Revenue adjusted the data
and operating cash generation increased year on year in real terms with growth rates
accelerating across all metrics showing vivo's operating leverage. Revenue increase over 7%.
Thanks to the robust acceleration in mobile service revenue in the fourth quarter and
the strong growth in new businesses. In B2C revenue from the ecosystem including health and
wellness consumer electronics financial services and entertainment rose more than 20%.
The penetration of these services provide a significant upside. In parallel the B2B segment
marked is a stronger revenue growth in last years. This performance reflects the growing demand for
digital solutions which already represent close to 40% of B2B revenues. Adjusted EBITDA grew
8% in the quarter while adjusted operating cash flow after leases rose almost 20% thanks to
the sound revenue growth and solid operating cost structure. In summary once again vivo
delivered a set of strong results showing real growth across main financial KPIs boosted by
quality commercial growth and the focus on customer experience. Our ambition for 2026 is
to continue growing revenue and adjusted EBITDA about inflation supported by mobile fiber B2B
digital services and new B2C businesses as well as by the benefit unlocked by the migration from
concession to authorization. Moving to slide eight to discuss Germany. Our core business momentum
continued in the fourth quarter in a market where we have recently seen sickness pointing
towards a reduction in promotional activity. The auto brand was a key driver of mobile
contract trading benefiting from our key strength network quality. Network rollout
and diversification continued at a high pace bringing 5G population coverage to 99%.
We achieved the target of quasi nationwide coverage according to plan.
The connect magazine rated O2 network quality as very good and we made a quantum leap forward
to achieve second place for the first time. In the five biggest German cities connect even
rated the network as outstanding. Contra netals were robust in the quarter while chan remained
at a low level of 1.1%. Notably IOT accesses growth accelerated in the fourth quarter.
Fixed broadband reaffirmed is returned to slight growth for the second quarter in a row
while RPU continue to increase. B2B segment offer huge growth opportunities.
We shown initiatives already paying off and supporting underlying revenue growth in 2025.
Regarding financial results, revenue and adjusted debt declined mainly reflecting
the completion of one-on-one customer migration by gear end and that comes with Q4-24.
We continue to deliver on our efficiency plan and strict cost control but the
contribution is not linear. To highlight in 2025 the underlying financial performance was positive
year on year. With an issue already in place we continue working on identifying and executing
further transformational growth and efficiency initiatives in Germany. Our high quality network
and a solid positioning laid the foundation for a return to growth in 2027 after leaving
behind one-on-one impacts along this year. Moving to slide nine. Virgin Media 2 ended
2025 delivering guidance with a strong progress in the fiber network and 5G deployment.
We improved fixed line trading for the second consecutive quarter reflecting progress in
commercial initiatives such as Netflix and an improved retention strategy despite strong market
headwinds. Mobile contract ratio grew 1.2% year on year while net ads were affected mainly
due to the October price rise announcement elevating chance in the no close Saturday exit
window. Revenue and adjusted EBITDA trends continue to be impacted by lower handset sales,
net fiber construction and the intense competition which mainly impacted the consumer
fixed revenue. However, 2025 guided revenue increased 0.2% year on year and guided EBITDA
increased 0.9%. Summary, Virgin Media 2 is scaling its infrastructure while streamlining
operations to pave the way for long-term profitable growth. The revenue and adjusted
EBITDA expectation for 2026 reflects increased promotional intensity and ongoing uncertainty
in the consumer fixed market alongside planned simplification for the B2B product portfolio.
Continued cost efficiency will support profitability but will be partially offset by
a higher number of customers on net fiber footprint with associated wholesale fees.
Finally, net fiber announced last week the agreement for the acquisition of Netonia.
This acquisition will strengthen our network, accelerating fiber rollout and penetration
with a clear value creation through VNO2 and xFiber. On to slide 10, review our global units.
First, in 2025, Telefónica Tech confirmed its position as the engine for our B2B growth
in digital services. Revenue grew great, accelerated quarter on quarter, boosted by
Spain where we recorded a strong growth in IoT beacon sales. In 2025, revenue increased
close to 20%. This performance is driven by the strong demand in Europe where we see huge
opportunity to grow. We continue to scale our capabilities to capture the digitization
opportunity while making progress on the operating model simplification.
Additionally, we have solved the operation in Hispen.
Regarding Telefónica infra, let me highlight that our fiber cost represented
24% of group deployment in 2025. Also, our subsequent business delivers sustained
profitability in 2025 with an EBITDA margin of over 45%. Now, let me hand it over to Juan,
who will present the main financial topics and ESG.
Thank you, Emilio. It's a pleasure to be speaking with you for the first time as
Chief Financial and Corporate Development Officer. Let me take you through the
financial details for the quarter and the full year. Starting with the full year,
revenue reached 35.1 billion euros, growing 1.5% year on year in constant terms. Adjusted EBITDA
came in at 11.9 billion euro, up 2%, and adjusted operating cash flow after releases grew
5.9% to just over 5 billion euro. CapEx to sale came in at 12.4% within our target.
We reported free cash flow of 2.8 billion euro, above our base for guidance of approximately
2.7 billion. The free cash flow, including employee restructuring commitments and V-MEDO2
dividends reached 2.1 billion, exceeding our updated guidance for 2025. Net financial debt
decreased 1.2% year on year to 26.8 billion euro, held by our exits in Hispen. Q4 trends
reflected the underlying momentum in the business. Revenue grew 1.3% in constant terms,
adjusted EBITDA 2.8%, and adjusted operating cash flow after releases nearly 13%.
Free cash flow accelerated to 1.4 billion euros in Q4, with net debt down by the same amount.
Foreign exchange was a meaningful headwind through 2025. A drag of around 3 percentage
points in revenue, adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted operating cash flow after releases.
That impact lessened in Q4. A quick note on perimeter. After Hispen disposals, Argentina,
Peru, Ecuador, Uruguay, Colombia, and other small companies are classified as discontinued
operations, alongside the settlement reclassification of Hispen with Chile, Venezuela,
and Mexico now reported under other companies. These are the portfolio decisions Mark referred
earlier. They affect comparability, but they create a stronger, more focused business going
forward. Looking at the revenue mix. B2B grew 7.1% in constant terms for the full year,
and 7.3% in Q4. B2C revenue increased to 2.1% in Q4, up 1.8% for the full year.
To summarize, we deliver on our 2025 guidance. The business exited the year with
improving trends, and the underlying quality of earnings is strengthened as we head into 2026.
On to the next slide. I'm turning to free cash flow. As usual, the majority of cash generation
was concentrated in Q4, consistent with our typical seasonability. In 2025, we generated
free cash flow of 2.8 billion euros, exceeding our initial free cash flow base for guidance of
2.7 billion euros. For 2026, we are upgrading our guidance to approximately 3 billion euros,
the upper end of the range given at the capital market day. The path to get there is underpinned
by a positive operating performance and efficient cost management of all lines below.
In the next slide, our net debt to EBITDA ratio fell to 2.78 times in December,
from 287 times in September. Net financial debt at year end declined to 26 billion euros,
including the sale of Colombia, Chile, and the Fiber Pass stake. Net debt fell to 24.6 billion
euros. Telefonica is well on track to achieve our leverage target of around 2.5 times by
2028. At the end of December, we had liquidity of 17.4 billion euros, which is
a significant higher than our upcoming debt maturities. The average cost of debt has been
reduced by 0.21 percentage points year on year to 2.98 percent in December.
We continued with our proactive refinancing approach during the first months of the year.
We already successfully issued a green hybrid bond of 1.8 euros to refinance hybrids with
reset dates in December 26 and November 28 at very attractive conditions. Therefore,
we have ample flexibility to refinance the next hybrid with the first reset date in May 27.
On top of that, Telefonica issued a 170 million Swiss franc bond and a 1 billion euro green
bond, demonstrating strong market access and ESG financing leadership. We will continue with
our present financial policy and free cash flow management, which are key priorities for us.
On to the next slide. Let me spend a few moments highlighting Telefonica's financial
priorities. Growing our free cash flow in a predictable manner is central to everything we
do. Strong and growing free cash flow give us the optionality to invest in our business,
return cash to shareholders, and do value accretive M&A if it makes sense.
We will deploy that cash flow to grow Telefonica sustainably, with a clear guardrail to maintain
our investment rate rating and continue on our delivery path towards a 2.5 ratio by 2028.
Our dividend policy is sustainable and aligned to free cash flow generation.
As our cash flow grows, so does our capacity to reward shareholders.
On M&A, our framework is clear. We will be opportunistic and disciplined. Any transaction
must deliver clear, compelling, and measurable synergies, create value for our shareholders,
be within our leverage target ambitions, and compatible with our commitments to our
investment rate rating. We will not compromise our balance sheet to just add revenues. We
have no interest in transactions that dilute the quality of the business we're building.
Every opportunity will be judged on its merits, and if it doesn't meet our criteria,
we won't pursue it. More broadly, our focus is on building improved financial flexibility.
The combination of risk and growing free cash flow, a clear delivery trajectory,
and a disciplined capital allocation is what positions Telefonica to create sustainable value
for our shareholders. Turning to our sustainability initiatives. On the environmental front,
we continue to cut emissions, making the business more efficient while ensuring stable
energy costs. On the social side, we highlight the expansion of our rural mobile
broadband coverage, which allows us to provide more communities with secure digital services.
Moving to governance, we are actively strengthening our supply chain's resilience,
including over 17,000 sustainability-related audits in 2025. Lastly, we are proud to
report leadership positions across several prestigious international rankings.
I will now hand back to Mark, who will wrap up.
Thank you, Juan. Let me close with where we stand and where we are heading. Telefonica
delivered on all its 2025 commitments with accelerating momentum in Q4. Across our
four markets, Spain, Brazil, Germany, and the UK, we made strong operating progress,
with each market advancing on its strategic priorities. We continued to simplify the
business. Our efficiency initiatives are ramping, and the workforce restructuring
is on track. Telefonica is a leaner and more focused company than it was a year ago.
Looking ahead, our 2026 guidance reflects continued momentum, with growth in revenue
and adjusted EBITDA, accelerating in adjusted operating cash flow after leases,
and free cash flow upgrading to approximately 3.0 billion euro, supporting both our dividend
and our deleveraging path. During 2026, we already executed the sale of Chile and Colombia
and Anatomia acquisition. We are executing on transform and grow with a clear framework,
driving growth with consolidation as an upside. We have a strong foundation and the best plan to
become a world-class European telco with profitable scale. I'm confident in our strategy
that will drive shareholder value creation. Thank you for your time. We're now happy to
take your questions. Thank you. If you would like to ask a question, please press star followed
by 1 1 on your telephone keypad. Once again, that is star 1 1 to register a question. You
will then hear an automated message advising your hand is raised. To answer your question,
please press star 1 1 again. We will kindly ask you to ask a maximum of two questions per
participant. There will be a short silence where questions are being registered. This
question comes from the line of Andrew Lee from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Good morning, everyone. I had a couple of questions on operational organic issues,
firstly on Spanish growth and then secondly on free cash flow generation outside the 3 billion
you're guiding for for 2026. Just on Spain, obviously you're growing and it's improved
versus a year ago, but the growth seems stuck on 1% service revenue and 1% EBITDA growth
over the past few quarters. You talked quite clearly about an acceleration and expectation of
an acceleration in growth in 2026 today. Do you think the EBITDA growth is accelerating
or will accelerate without the 250 million of restructuring efficiencies? If so, why is the
underlying EBITDA growth accelerating and if not, why not? The second question is on free
cash flow generation. Your previous guidance that employee contributions in 2026 would be
higher than the 1 billion originally planned in 2025. Do you still expect employee contributions
to be higher than 1 billion in 2026? Also, we know that UK dividends will be lower this year.
Are there any other below-the-line free cash flow movements we should be aware of below the line?
By that I mean below the 3 billion that you're guiding for 2026.
Are there any other below-the-line movements we should be aware of that you are anticipating?
Thanks very much. Thanks, Andrew. Emilio will answer the first question and Juan your second
question. Okay, Andrew, thank you for the question. All the saving measures that we are
taking in Spain is part of our guidance for 2026. We are seeing acceleration in all the
financial key metrics of the revenues EBITDA and operating cash flow after leases, but it's
true that the restructural savings coming from the agreements is part of this equation.
The reason that not all the savings of the restructural savings goes to the EBITDA is
because there are other parts, for example, wholesale revenues that are declining. As you
know, in 2024 we signed several agreements that led us to have a very sustainable business
for the next coming year in wholesale, but at the same time in the first years of the
agreement means a declining of revenues. Other costs that increase, for example,
is the personal cost that is not included in the restructural agreement.
Of course, we are facing a change in the revenue mix that brings business or revenues
with less margin and because of that we are looking for saving in all the company that is
possible. Technology and the evolution of the company permit us to find saving in a lot of
activities. For example, I had to highlight the saving that we expect for the procurement
and purchase processes that we are working now in a group level, but of course in Spain too.
Thank you. I will take your second question on free cash flow 26 generation and commitments.
As we pointed out, we upgraded our 26 free cash flow to approximately 3 billion euros at the
upper range given at the CMD. This is underpinned by a positive operational performance
and the efficient management of all lines below. The operational performance we are
seeing it already in Q4 and that is the reason why we are guiding to over 2% constant
growth in 26 for adjusted operating cash flow. On the parts below we do see at the risk free
cash flow with a free cash flow profile that has changed meaningfully and is more predictable
and less volatile. Below operating cash flow there are different lines that compensate
once with another, but overall my answer would be that the reason for us to increase and be
more positive on the 3 billion is related to operational performance. Your second question was
on commitments. We guided to 1 billion commitments in 25. 26 will be a year of transition and
although the amounts are not fully finalized because there might be changes between which
part goes as one of pay and severance and how much is deferred, you should think about
a figure around 1.2 billion as the peak. That will be the peak of the commitments and
then they will go downwards and fade away over time. You mentioned the dividend and the
impact on the dividend on 26, but as you know the dividend on 26 it's a fixed amount of 15
euro cents that will be paid in June 27, so this increase in peak commitments should not
affect it. Thank you. Just two clarifications, so you're still expecting the positives and
negatives below the 3 billion, i.e. employee commitments and UK dividends, etc. And then
just on Spain, thanks for your help on that. Am I right in saying that your expectation is
that EBITDA growth X, the 250 million saving, won't be accelerating given the headwinds you
measured including wholesale declines and the low margin growth or weaker revenue growth mix
Okay, I will take the first part of the question. So yes, the guide I gave you on
commitments on peak commitments of 26, 1.2 billion. On UK dividend you should compute
what was guided by DIMERO 2, which was a free cash flow distribution for its shareholders
of around 200 million pounds, if I recall correctly that was the guidance. In the case
of Spain, Andrew, again we are expecting to accelerate EBITDA, that is a mix of the
different measures both in revenues and in cost savings. Again, thank you.
Thank you. We will now take the next question from the line of Keval Kiroja from Dolce Bank,
please go ahead. Thank you for sharing the questions and I have two please. So firstly,
your off-free cash flow margin in Germany is less than 10% and approximately half the level
of Spain. How do you expect the German free cash flow margin to evolve? And I appreciate
you've talked about return to growth, but can you detail a little bit more what's key to get
there across the revenue OPEX and CAPEX levers? And then secondly, you've been quite vocal on
the desire for consolidation across your core markets. What do you think are the main barriers
to striking deals? And do you think we now have enough regulatory clarity for you to
actually present deals to regulators should they arise? Thank you. Okay, thanks for your
question. I'll start with your second question. So with regards to consolidation,
the main barriers that have existed to date is the mergers and acquisitions guideline
managed by the European Commission. I think we can hear good messages in this line and I'm
happy to discuss them further and some mixed messages, but what will matter is exactly how
the specifics advance and we are still not there. So I would say that is the main limitation
that we've had as a European market. And then there is, of course, the usual difficulties
of reaching large and complex agreements that have to do with getting the right price
and getting the right synergies. Regarding the Germany question,
as I mentioned in the presentation, our expectation is to grow in 2027.
During this year, we expect to improve around the year while we are leaving behind the
comes with the revenues that we leave. That's very clear, thank you.
Thank you. We will now take the next question from the line of Joshua Mead from Vienna.
Hi guys, hopefully you can hear me. So my first question was on the difference between
the EBITDA and EBITDAO growth numbers. If I look at Spain, you actually saw a slowdown
in EBITDAO growth this year and this is the metric most of us are focused on. So
you went from having plus 0.9 to plus 0.4% in the quarter and I understand your commentary
on the acceleration and reported EBITDA pre-leases, but how should we think about Spanish
EBITDA after lease growth developing in 2026 and what should we assume for lease costs
increasing? Maybe if I can add a second part to that. On the Germany EBITDA after lease
development, you saw minus 22% declines in Q4. I understand you want to grow this in 2027,
but it would be great to get a steer on how the 2026 number will shake out,
whether that's down 10, down 20, down more than that, given that there's so many moving
parts and limited visibility. Finally, the second-ish question, but on the free cash flow
guidance, I see that you raised the starting point for 2025. So the starting point for
the base has gone from 2.8 to 2.9 billion. If I take your 3% to 5% midterm free cash flow
category, that would imply some upside to midterm free cash flow. Are you implicitly
raising the midterm pre-cash flow guidance as well today, or is it still within the range you
initially expected? Thank you. As the outlook for the guidance, you should expect leases to
continue a moderate at-work trend, mainly driven by 5G deployment in those core markets.
CPI updates apply to both new and renewed contracts for mobile sites rolled out for 5G,
as well as new sites required for such expansion. We remain very focused on
driving efficiencies in all lines as a top priority, and leases will be one of our
focus for sure. On your second question, regarding the free cash flow base, yes,
we reported 2.8 billion of free cash flow base versus the 2.7 reference we had in
the capital market day. Plus, once the consortium is in Chile, that base goes to 2.9.
On your question on whether we're implicitly increasing guidance, we are increasing guidance
for 2026 explicitly, 3 billion. And then on the long term, we feel it's still too short
time since the capital market day to change the range, so we keep the 3 to 5% range.
But obviously mathematically, we increase the base. We are implicitly giving a message,
which is what we see, which is we expect 2028 free cash flow to be higher than the
initial guidance given at the CMD. So that will be the message. We keep the 3.5,
and then we'll see where we see us within that range, but definitely we do see a higher
2028 free cash flow. Great. Maybe just to simplify the first question a bit,
do you expect to grow Spanish EBITDA after lease in 2026?
Great. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. We will now take the next question.
From the line of Nick from Berenberg, please go ahead.
Hi, guys. Morning. I hope you can hear me. First question was on German mobile ARPU, please.
It looks like the contract telephonic ARPU, so X, the one-on-one subs is down quite sharply.
So down about 14% year-on-year, but maybe it's flattened out sequentially. Could you
give us a bit of an idea of what the outlook is for 2026, please? Just given your comments
particularly about the promotional activity being quite heavy in Germany.
Secondly, just come back to Kevil's question on the merger guidelines. I think on the merger
guidelines you said were the biggest barrier to consolidation. Could you just clarify for us
exactly what that means in terms of timing? Does that mean you have to wait for a resolution
to Teresa Rivera's merger guidelines in that 2027 investigation first, or are you prepared
to do something before the merger guidelines are clarified, please? Thanks very much.
Unfortunately, my answer has to be ambiguous. We understand that within the current framework
of merger guidelines, large operations can happen if the interpretation
applied wishes that to happen. We understand that in the review that will be made public
shortly, we can either hear of a review of the guidelines or we can either read of a new
interpretation or a modernization of the interpretation of the merger and acquisition
guidelines. From our point of view, we're going to work on that on a case-by-case
basis and have nothing else to add at this stage. Okay. Thank you very much. Thank you.
We will now take the next question from the line of James Ruther from New Street Research.
Please go ahead. Yes, thank you very much indeed and good morning. I have two questions.
The first one was just regarding the UK and Virgin Media 02 where I see you've taken a
write down on the asset, but the new valuation you're putting on VM 02 still looks as if it's
around nine and a half times EBITDA. So I was wondering if you could just run through
what forecasts you are using for that impairment review, please, to justify that value
and does that include the impact of the new Netomnia transaction?
Secondly, there was a press article a month or so ago where Mr. Domomouz in Germany
suggested that he might be interested in potentially acquiring Telefonica Deutschland.
So could you see a scenario where you might actually be a seller in that market? Thank you.
Every year with a good will included that every year through our audit process we have to
do a test to see if there's an impairment. The impairment that we have that we have
registered, this is 25, has to do with more negative view or projections at the end of
the year based on the changes in the open reach equinox studies that took place in fall.
So that took the team to do a sensitivity around their business plan, so it's a sensitivity
and that sensitivity was the one that KPNG took as a base for their valuation.
To your question, does that include the Netomnia deal? No, sadly no because that valuation is
done as of 31st of December. We do believe that the Netomnia transaction will enhance the
financial and operational performance of the asset and therefore that's not included in the
impairment test and we think that the outcome of it might have been different if that had
been the case, so that's for the email too. Regarding your Germany question,
Jimson, by the way, good morning to you and everybody and we can hear you all loud and clear.
As you know we have defined four core markets that include Germany, the UK, Brazil and Spain
and whilst we're always a rational operator and we manage our assets very rationally,
we also take all media comments such as media comments. So what we can say is that we are
committed to Germany, we are committed to the German market in the short term, in the medium
term and in the long term as an industrial operator and up and above this we don't really
have any other comments. Thanks. Thank you very much. We have time for one last question.
Thank you. One moment please. Our last question comes from the line of
Emmett Kelly from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead. Yes, good morning everybody and
thank you for taking the questions. I have two questions please. Firstly, Mark, can we just
come back to some of the comments you made earlier on consolidation and antitrust. You
said that you had received some good messages and also some mixed messages. Can you just say a few
words more about those comments please? And secondly, just in your home market in Spain,
can you talk a little bit about the competition you're seeing in Spain, in particular what
you're seeing from Vodafone, Zagona and from Digi at the bottom end of the market
and whether your premium positioning is keeping you reasonably sheltered from we'd say the
competitive intensity at the bottom end. Thank you. Question, I'll answer the first one. Public
messages. I always keep any communication with private communications private, but
we have heard Antonio Costa defending a European telecoms consolidation that would allow
more scale and more capacity to invest profitably. And then we've read public messages
with regards to mergers and acquisitions that follow a fine line of ambiguity that we think
we understand is deliberate. That is what I was referring to. With regards to Antonio Costa,
if you haven't seen the message, we'd be happy to forward it to you. I think it was
something like 10 or 15 days ago. With regards to competition, I'll hand it over to Emilio.
Thanks. Okay. Regarding the competition in Spain, first of all to remind that in Spain
we see clearly two segments of clients. First of all, the high-end clients where we have a
very strong position based on our superior proposal. Our ecosystem and network and brand
commercial approach permit to be very optimistic, even taking into account the
effort of our competitors to gain market share. The fact is that we are winning market share and
we are maintaining the lowest chance in this segment. In the low-end segment, we have to
say that we are competing very well. That's true. That is a more competitive segment where
Vodafone and Digi clearly are trying to push the fat. If you see the portability numbers,
it's that Telefónica Spain clearly maintains a very good performance comparing with this
competitor. Again, we think that our superior network within our superior proposal in terms
of ecosystem, even in the low-end and the approach that we have in terms of customer service
that at the end is the more sustainable competitive advantage,
permit that to be again a positive in the trends with our competitors. The efforts of
these two competitors in the low-end, at least we don't see that it affects too much
to Telefónica. Thank you. At this time, no further questions will be taken.
Everybody, for your quality time, you've heard what our analysis of the data is and
what our commitments are in a qualitative and quantitative way for 2026 and moving forward.
You have channels of communication with us that are ongoing and open, so if there's any
questions that remain to be answered, we'll be delighted to address them and share with you
our analysis. Have a great day, everybody. Thanks.