TRANSCRIPCIÓN - Tubacex
Fecha: 2026-04-14 11:41:52
================================================================================

 Welcome to Tubasex, a trailblazer in next-generation industrial solutions for energy and mobility. With over six decades of leadership, Tubasex stands as a paragon of innovation and operational excellence. Globally, our footprint extends across 25 state-of-the-art manufacturing plants and service centers, reinforcing our unwavering commitment to partners worldwide. Our expertise in corrosion-resistant alloy CRA OCTG solutions makes us more than manufacturers. We are strategic allies. With our buy-your-side value proposition, Tupasex provides comprehensive support, accompanying our clients throughout their entire journey. Thank you. This is the Tubasex commitment, deeply rooted locally with our branches reaching out across the world. At Tubasex, we turn global vision into local action, making a tangible difference in energy solutions worldwide. Our partnership with the United Arab Emirates extends beyond business transactions. It represents a shared commitment to enhanced efficiency, performance, and the continuous advancement of technology. Thank you. Good morning everyone and welcome to the 2SX results released for 2025. I'm Raquel Ruiz, responsible for investor relations. I'm with me with our CEO, Josu Imath, and our financial director, Guillermo Ruiz Longarte. We'll start the session with a brief description of the main highlights and magnitudes during the year and then we'll move on to a Q&A. I remind you that all questions should be sent in in writing. You can use the tool provided on the webcast. I'll now hand over to Josu Imath. Thank you very much, Raquel, and welcome to this result release for the year 2025. As Raquel said, we start with a review of the main items in the year, and the first has to be the situation of general uncertainty and the context of general weakness in the market that has affected the activity volumes globally. and as a result it gives us a sales figure for the year of 719.3 million euros which means a drop of 6.3 percent versus the sales figure in 2024. In spite of all this the group has maintained stable profitability with an adjusted EBITDA of 105.8 million euros practically in line with the EBITDA obtained in the previous year and an improvement in the EBITDA margin up to 14.17% versus 13.9% the previous year. This improvement is supported by our positioning in premium markets and products as well as obviously in the operational cost discipline. Another relevant item this year as mentioned earlier, is the extraordinary non-recurring non-cash accounting adjustments that have been made to align the valuation of certain assets with the current market situation. Overall, the impact of these adjustments on EBITDA has been €30.7 million, €49.3 million on the EBIT and 47.2 million euros on net income. On the other hand, regarding the order book, it closed the year at a figure of 1.233 billion, therefore at high levels and with a majority weight of high value added products, premium products in highly demanding segments. On the other hand, and regarding the balance sheet evolution during this year, we have to say that it has been clearly driven by working capital, mainly linked to the ramp up of strategic projects. In this sense, in the fourth quarter, we have started the normalization of the working capital levels thanks to the progress made in billing and collections, both globally for the group and specifically under the contract we are carrying out for ADNOC. we can also highlight that within the strategic review the company strengthens its focus on cash generation and also on the improvement of return metrics as value creation levers and also in shareholder remuneration we have to underline that we maintained the 40% payout dividend policy on adjusted net profit and in this sense we will propose a distribution of 6.4 million euros which obviously is subject to approval by our general shareholders meeting. And looking ahead to 2026, at the end of the presentation we'll go into greater depth, but the company maintains a prudent outlook in an environment where there's still uncertainty and volatility and where we will have a clear focus on cash generation, working capital control and profitable growth. and I'll now hand over to our CFO first of all good morning everyone and thank you very much for spending this time with us this morning to review the results of the company in general and as a general introduction as usual the presentation of the results is an immediate snapshot of the recent past but it's also a base to analyse where we come from and where we want to go in the immediate future of the company. I'm going to try to shed some light on the main magnitudes in the P&L, cash generation and balance sheet to look at where we are, what the main effects have been during 2025 that externally and internally, I think have been very significant and make a comparison with the recent past 2024 and with what's ahead of us in 2026. moving on to the main figures and I'm going to try not to repeat too much of what Joshua has said it's a stable year in business volume the sales figure there's a drop of 6% but in a year where fundamental variables such as nickel in our sales or the dollar depreciation during the dollarized value chain have an impact on this figure So, therefore, this is an initial message of sales stability in a geopolitical environment that is really complicated, not just for Tubathex, but for the entire business or industrial world. Regarding the EBITDA, we highlight that we close the year at 105.8%. percent. Companies like Tubathex with the use of its capacity is important when it comes to analyzing the implicit profitability and being close to 15 percent in this environment reveals the proper product mix or the production and commercial vision of the group. This transfer to the whole P&L chain takes us to an EBIT of around 58 million and earnings before taxes are very much in line with the 30 million obtained last year. When we look at the net profit in the last line we have to understand that in the company strategy and as an effect that we've looked for which is strategic we work with benchmark partners that are very important in the main countries of destination for our products such as Abu Dhabi or the Mugadala Group on a strategic and financial level. And this is what gives us the overview of the P&L. And regarding working capital and net financial debt, I think that there are two aspects that need to be highlighted. First of all, in 2025, and I think that the short video we saw at the presentation shows us that it's a historic year for the company. It's historic for the startup and an investment of 90 million euros in Abu Dhabi. We're talking about one of the business cases in country value that are of the most spectacular in the industrial world and with an outstanding future that is linked to a billion dollar project for the supply of our high alloys. Closing with 324 million working capitals, close to 310 million in 24. when we've had to do all the stock ramp up during this year. And having done it means that the plant is working, it's operating, it's selling, and it's stocking all this product. And this has been a challenge of an enormous magnitude. And there's also a message regarding this point. We're currently at 45% of working capital over sales. And our working capital is always linked to projects and it's always sold. And the collection is insured. But regarding the regularization of the working capital and stock flow, obviously, the aspiration is to reduce that ratio in the shortest possible time. The net financial debt ends up at 3.3 times over three. And again, our strategic ultimate goal in a reasonable period of time is to be below two. But as indicated in the working capital over sales ratio, in the end, this position is going to progressively improve as the invoicing and cash generation flows improve. So this is just a message that the comparison of the figures is always complex, but in a year like 2025, even more so because of the investment in plant CapEx and the ramp up of working capital related to the whole Abu Dhabi project and the company's capacity regarding results and balance sheet to absorb this effect. and moving on to more figures from the income statement the stability I've mentioned although we realize that we've had effects from the nickel and dollar that represent 25 million dollars in the turnover to make it comparable and regarding the profitability ratio when companies talk about added value products we have to put our feet on the ground and this trend of 14.4% which has been a challenge to achieve during the year. We have products related to the nuclear sector with high allo piping in oil and gas extraction under extreme conditions or the subsea product which is mainly produced in the Austria plant with a very significant integration with the rest of the plants in the group including the steel plant and the plants in Spain And this is what's making it possible in a complicated geopolitical sector affected by tariffs with delays in key projects. Even so, we're able to maintain this profitable situation. And regarding the balance sheet, it was mentioned at the beginning of the presentation, We had a very high peak of working capital in September 25, and at that time we concluded the stock ramp-up, that is the production start-up for the logistics side of the Adnok project. And also, Tubasex years ago only produced pipe, and now produces pipe and connections. It stocks them and provides well services. So it's not that ABNOC contracts the product, but the product, the service and the value chain, which is absolutely critical for its operations in the Emirate. And this effort was completed in September. It started to be normalized in December and it's going to be a continuum during the whole year. And we cannot promise that during certain quarters there won't be peaks in the working capital. If there are, it will be good news because that can only mean that we're speeding up a project that has committed a billion as a minimum value at 80 percent of the future needs of the Emirate with this kind of product. So we can consider the investment has been started up. The project has been consolidated and is being launched, a project which initially we felt could be developed over a 10 year period. But at the current pace, it would be more around six or seven years. And also a mention of a number of aspects that I think show how sure we are about the things we do. We've taken on this project construction. The CapEx has been relevant in the year and obviously has an impact on cash and debt. During 2025, we paid an extraordinary dividend, not just the ordinary dividend. A company that is building working capital and is building a plant from scratch in the Emirate must be very sure of what it does to provide a dividend of 25 million euros in the year. And this means that it has to start from a balancing situation that is liquid, solid, safe and solvent, which is our starting point. And we always refer to the cash available, which is the sum of the cash in the available lines without any kind of conditioning factors in their availability. This is 256 million euros. And if we add export lines dedicated to the project provided for its utilization, this would take it over 300 million. And regarding solvency, we have a net equity over total assets of 32% in a year where our shareholders' equity is conditioned by the conversion of balance sheets into dollars or dollarization. In other words, any activity we have in the Emirates, in the United States, in India, has been affected by the dollar depreciation. And therefore, from an accounting point of view, our net equity ratio goes down because of that effect. And also, there is an automatic accounting effect, which is the adjustment Yoshu mentioned at the beginning. This goes against the net equity of the company. But even with that effect, we closed over 30% of net equity over total assets. And I said at the beginning that P&L and a balance sheet is a snapshot of the immediate past, but it's also a snapshot of the solidity of what's coming on a strategic and business level. And with this, I'll hand the floor back to Josu to give us a bit more colour on the sales mix, the commercial position, the order backlog and the future situation of the company. Thank you very much, Guillermo. As Guillermo was saying, we'll look at the breakdown of our sales by sector and geography during the year. We have to say that in 2025, the sales breakdown was characterized by a very balanced mix with a very significant share of premium and strategic products where products for extraction and production stand out mainly for gas with 52.3% over sales with this combination of extraction and production of gas and oil. The industrial segment represented over 25 percent of the annual sales, power generation 7.5 percent and Eurospace 5.3 percent, which is very significant. This segment is starting to take on a significant weight in our sales mix. Therefore, a diversified sector mix, which together with the broad geographic exposure, helps us reduce the cyclicity of the group's business. If we look at the breakdown by geographies, Asia and Middle East account for 44% of our sales, mainly explained by the relative weight of the Middle East in the already mentioned gas extraction and production sector. This exposure, which may seem high, is absolutely aligned with the company's strategic objectives. And the reason is that the Middle East is a key market. In fact, the main world market, not just for the group, but in the pipe segment we mentioned earlier. So a sales breakdown by sector and by geography, which is diversified, balanced and with a very good foundation to continue to build opportunities in the coming years. with all this the order book as mentioned earlier closed the year at 1,233 million in terms of its composition the order book shows a predominant weight of gas extraction and production 79.6% and is highly concentrated in high value added products this 79.6% in gas extraction and reduction is obviously directly linked to the mega pluriannual contract with ADNOC that Guillermo mentioned amounting to over a billion dollars for the coming quarters the opportunity pipeline remains robust and I would say particularly in the subsea and nuclear segments but we cannot forget that uncertainty persists in the award timelines and the pace of conversion into orders therefore the pipeline is robust. The quantity and quality of opportunities leaves our mind at rest. The issue is the timing in the conversion of all this pipeline into purchase orders to feed the order book. And trying to give some details and color to the commercial activity of the group in 2025. We're going to review the main trends for each industry we serve. In extraction and production of gas and oil, we mentioned our position in OCTG. As we said, a very significant weight in annual sales with deliveries mainly to Agnok and Petrobras, which have been made according to the planned schedule. In subsea, the book remains at record levels. We have 18 months of workload already committed and the trend continues to be very positive, supported by a robust project pipeline for at least the next three years. And in drilling, we're starting to see a gradual improvement in commercial activity, which hasn't been turned into orders yet, but it makes us reasonably optimistic about the coming quarters and half years. In the process industry, mid and downstream, there have been low levels with CapEx and OPEX decisions that have been pushed back from 2025 to 2026. And this segment is where the percentage of premium product is less significant and therefore it's where we first feel new orders when the economy shows a certain weakness. And in this context, the methanol segment stands out as one of the more active areas driven by projects linked to a lower carbon footprint fuels. And we expect a gradual recovery in maintenance activity at U.S. refineries from Q2 onwards, according to current forecasts. And regarding fertilizers, the focus has been on progressing in our qualifications and developing commercial opportunities with customers. And we hope that in time again, they will start to turn into orders and activity for our plants. In the generation sector, in the fourth quarter of 2025, there have been relevant orders in Asia, specifically for the supply of ultra supercritical boilers for the Chinese market. In Europe, orders have also been confirmed in the nuclear sector with our customer EDF, including the supply of products for Hinkley Point. That's very relevant. And we have also received maintenance contracts for traditional plants in France. And for 2026, we have to recognize that the expectations in the nuclear sector are very positive. We have tenders in Europe with EDF and with Westinghouse too. And regarding the SMRs, the new generation of small modular power stations is moving forward, although the decision timelines are still long. And at the same time, we're focusing on new combined cycle operations that will be seemingly taking off, especially in the European market. In the aerospace and defense sector, as we said earlier, it's been a very positive year with a market that is more and more oriented towards long term programs, where we have expanded multi annual agreements with several of our customers, mainly in the United States. Therefore, this region is still a key region, and we expect that in the future our growth will also take place in Europe and India. and in other markets, the hydraulic and instrumentation market, where as well as the award of the first phase of the RUYA project in Qatar, we have made significant progress in opportunities in high demand industrial applications. And in the low carbon segment, we have also made progress in decarbonization solutions with quite a lot of activity in CO2 capture projects, hydrogen and coatings focused on increasing the efficiency and reducing emissions in industrial processes. moving on to the main indicators main esg indicators the general comment is that in practically all the main indicators we have either made reasonable progress focused on reaching the goals that we set in 2023 or some of the indicators in 2025 have already exceeded the goal if we go sector by sector starting with the environment energy intensity in 2025 has reached a figure of 1 Emissions intensity 1 and 2 has been 0 tons of CO2 per million euros of gross added value. Regarding the percentage of renewable energy that the group has used, the figure is 35.2%. And in the circular economy, the result is 82.2% of waste recycled out of the total waste generated. And moving on to the supply chain, we've reached 92.7% of our supply network that has already been evaluated under ESG factors. And regarding people and diversity, the gender pay gap is 5.1%. We have provided 21.6 hours of training per person during the year. And in the two health and safety indicators, the first lost time injury frequency rate, 38.6 percent and severity rates evolution, 40.6. So in all cases, either we've made positive progress towards the goal set down for 2030 or in 2025, we've already surpassed the goal. And now I'll hand over to Raquel so that she can comment on the share price performance during 2025. And regarding the share price performance in the chart, we can see two very different sequences. We started the year with a very positive trend. We reached a maximum in March of 4.39 euros per share. But from that time on, the so-called Liberation Day came along and the announcement of tariffs in the US, as well as a period of major uncertainty. We see a drop, a drastic drop, which is simultaneous and similar in all industrial company sectors. And after this initial drop, there's a rebound. But we didn't go back to the levels before that announcement. In the second half of the year, the share has fluctuated in line with the uncertainty and weakness. We've mentioned for the whole market. But even so, the share closed the year at 3.35 euros, which means a market cap of 422 million euros and a revaluation of 2.5 positive, which is not a major revaluation, but it does show the resilience of the 2x share, even in an environment that is highly challenging. and therefore to close the presentation on what 2025 have meant we could say that it's been resilient execution and operational discipline in a challenging environment we've mentioned the macroeconomic uncertainty which has left a mark on the year for the company Guillermo mentioned the strategic historic highlight of having been able to start up our Abu Dhabi plant, which, as he mentioned, you were able to see in the introductory video, and also the landmark related to Sentinel Prime and the license agreement with ADNOC for its use in non-CRA applications that allow us to strengthen our premium position in the markets that we compete in and also gives us independence and autonomy that we didn't have in the past and therefore enables us to access markets that until now were not accessible through our own resources. We have also mentioned profitability with an adjusted a bit of 105.8 million and a margin of 14.7% in spite of the uncertainty and the weakness of the market that we've mentioned several times. We've mentioned the voluntary adjustments that were announced earlier and we close with a reminder on the unchanged dividend policy for our shareholders. And to To close the presentation, we would like to briefly review how we see the current year in what has to do with the market conditions. We have to recognize that 2026 is still starting in a volatile environment that is still marked by macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainty. And therefore, we cannot overlook the fact that the context is challenging. In this challenging context, we are both prudent and optimistic. We believe that we have robust opportunities. Everything we've mentioned in this presentation gives us confidence in the foundations that this company has built in recent years. And this is corroborated by the robustness of the opportunity pipeline that we also mentioned, especially in the umbilical and nuclear sectors. Although there is still a question mark about what timelines will be in effect in the coming months, quarters and half years. So we have to maintain a highly disciplined and prudent approach, prioritizing profitability and generating cash flow and balance sheet management. Therefore, the priorities for 2026 are very clear. The first consists on focusing on operational deleveraging through the working capital normalization, which, as we said, already started in the last quarter of the last year and therefore converting activity into cash generation. The second priority is to reinforce capital allocation discipline, prioritizing, as we also mentioned, improvements in return metrics. And the third priority for the whole organization this year is to drive efficiency and operational excellence and being very selective in our commercial activity in order intake, prioritizing higher value added and more profitable projects. And to close, we'd like to remind you of the most relevant upcoming events. On May 28th, we'll be holding our annual general shareholders meeting. And as we announced a few weeks ago during the first half, we also have the opportunity of updating the conclusions of the strategic review that we've been developing over the past few months. and Raquel I think that we can move on to the questions yes thank you both very much we start with a question on the ACNOC project and its contribution to sales in 2025 and the expected contribution to sales in 2026 we've said during the presentation that the Abu Dhabu plant is fully operational and they also ask about the degree of satisfaction and quality of the customers regarding that plant once the plants are starting up. How is it running? Well, the contribution from the AdNoc project, as we've mentioned, the contribution is between 100 and 150 million euros per year, approximately. In 2025, the specific figure, I think, was more or less in the middle of range. Yes, 126 million in 2025, and the forecast for 26 is 150 million if everything goes well. Yes, we were saying that the mega contract amounts to over a billion dollars and we have to recognize that the contribution to sales, the conversion of that contract into specific supply orders in the first quarters and half years has been faster than was initially expected. Therefore, these are the contribution figures, the specific quantitative figures and qualitatively the fact is that the plant is working exceptionally well. We're very satisfied with how the whole preparation and startup process has been carried out. The plant is fully operational and the standards applied there are the group standards for maximum exigency and therefore there is absolute respect for company standards. And this means that the feedback from the companies is highly positive, both with regard to quality and lead time deliveries. And we're also asked about what the utilization rate is currently for the Abu Dhabi plant and whether we're already shipping orders to other Adnock customers. we're still shipping only to Adnok from there but in the opportunity pipeline there are also interesting opportunities in the OCTG market which the Abu Dhabi plant works with and regarding the utilization rate we still have margin for growth therefore we're still a long way from saturating the plant And I think that in the past we've mentioned that it's a market segment where the growth potential is enormous. And we believe that we have a perfect industrial base to take on that growth. Yes, in line with that, I'd like to add something that is obvious to us at 2BuffEx, but perhaps not to the market. a few moments ago. I said that it had been a landmark to complete the building of the plant, to do it in one year, to have it fully operational, to do the stock ramp up. And someone might ask, well, how did you do that if the plant was still being built? And it's a very simple answer. The coal rolling facilities and pipe finishing CRA finishing facilities at Murio, what we've done is to double the capacity with absolutely new technology, with a more productive technology than the one we had at Amurio. At the Emirate, the goal, obviously, is to help the AdNoc project, and it launches a multivalent concept. While we didn't complete the co-rolling process, we were co-rolling in Amurio and finished it in Abu Dhabi, and now we're co-rolling in Abu Dhabi and finishing the product there. and there's another aspect related to the solidity of the value chain. First, when we looked at this project many years ago, nobody would have known that it was going to be a machine with our sentinel of prime proprietary thread and this is what we're doing right now. So we have doubled, let's say, the cold rolling production capacity and threading capacity. We have a proprietary solution that means that the complete profit for the integral process is retained within the company and we have absolute flexibility and we gain time in production and lead time. And to that we have the typical historical characteristics of 2BUSX with our own steel plant and our own hot extrusion facilities. What does this mean? That since we have an open noddle with regard to the finishing capabilities we are working with not with Emirates with Petrobras wherever But the fact is that the group is integrated, it's capable of doing it, and we have the capacity to continue to move forward in all the CRA projects that come up. We're congratulated on the results in a complicated environment. They're consolidating a bit of 100 million euros, but they're also asking whether we can give some more colour on the guidance for 2026 and specifically another question which goes further. More details in that guidance. They also directly ask whether we believe, based on our current order book, can we continue to increase margins in 2026? And we've said that we're going to put the focus on the normalisation of working capital. What would be a reasonable debt for the end of 2026? a lot of questions I'll start with the last question which is the easy one in the balance sheet we presented and regarding the adjusted a bit that we finished 25 3.3 at a time of a working capital ramp up and strong activity the immediate goal without having a crystal ball on how working capital can evolve during 26 but the aim is to be below 3 at the end of 26 even though we know that it's a very demanding goal bearing in mind the situation or the saturation or the speed up of the Abu Dhabi project but we believe that we have the means both technically, commercially or financially to be able to do it and regarding guidance I'll put the board back in Yosu's court in a second but I would like to contextualize the guidance for 26 and there are two sides to the coin. There's a geopolitical situation of uncertainty. It's external and it not just affects us, but it affects many companies regarding how it affects and delays projects. So in many cases or in many segments of our products, it's hard to forecast precisely. And in line with what I was saying earlier, the group is set up to make use of all the opportunities to improve the results we've had in 25. And probably to make an estimate today, we would have to weight both things. We're working in a weak environment, except in certain product segments, such as CERF-C or CRA or high added value products. There's a weakness in market volumes and we have to take into account. So whatever we estimate, we have to be prudent, but we always have to leave the door open and as the year goes by there will always be operations or upside possibilities that may be reflected or not in the P&L in 26 or may be reflected in the order book and business development in 27 I'm just contextualizing this because let's see if Yosu dares to give us some color for 26 Well, yes, but we never give guidance on this and this isn't going to be an exception. But as we've said several times today, the context situation leads to continuity and our forecasts run along the lines of continuity with not minor uncertainties because of everything we've already mentioned. And something we mentioned once, but I'd like to highlight, we're going to be commercially very selective in a situation of market weakness. There's always the risk of trying to grow in a less profitable way. Our focus is going to be exclusively on profitable growth. And in a market situation where it's difficult to foresee sales growth, the first priority in the year, which I've already mentioned, focuses on cash generation. Therefore, independently of the sales volume we're finally capable of achieving in the year, what is clear to us is that this is going to be a cash generation year. Continuing with cash and debt, we're directly asked whether we continue to maintain our goal of reaching a net debt over a bit ratio of under two in 2027, considering the current market context we're in? Well, the answer to that, which isn't simple, is that as an aspiration, the answer will always be yes. The necessary circumstances have to come about to do it. But Josu mentioned it several times during his presentation. And regardless of the activity volumes we're developing at each point in time, the focus is always going to be on the efficient use of capital and cash generation. This means that in all areas on an operational and commercial level of the company, discipline in capital return and free cash flow is going to be looked at in the greatest detail. And when we say this, it's because there are plans at the company to achieve those objectives. And I'm sure, as I would say, without being able to guess the final working capital figure, we'll have not at the end of 26, but after a longer period at the end of 27. But in view of the intrinsic value of the order book, the focus on cash and all the levers at the company pointed in this direction, we are initially going to be under three we're going to be between two and three times and at certain points and under certain circumstances we'll reach that goal of two although we can't precisely say in which month of 2027 that's going to happen because that would be impossible but the trend has already started there are levers that are being implemented so we are certain that we're doing things right and we either meet that goal or we will be very close to it in the time frame mentioned thank you Guillermo what has been the impact on sales and EBITDA in 2025 in the North American 2x6 market as a result of Trump's protectionist policies well I think that the sales figure in the North American market in 2025 was around almost 150 million euros and a very high percentage of those sales are sales from our North American plants. Therefore, the direct effect of the tariff policies of the American government on sales has been small. It's true that sales from our North American plants and from the plants of our competitors, which in some case use imported raw materials, but we compete under the same conditions as the rest of the players in that market. And therefore, any tariff effect on imports has been passed on to the customer sales price. So I'll close the answer with this. The direct effect has been absolutely minimal. We're also asked about the business opportunities for Tubasex, the opening up of Venezuela in the oil market. Well, we ultimately have to see under what conditions that market opens up with what extraction and production projects additional to the ones that are already underway. All the information we have makes us think that there are going to be significant investment projects in the coming years, but we also have to consider that the characteristics of the gas and oil reserves in the Venezuela basins are not the ones that require a lot more CRA piping, as occurs in the Brazilian basins or in the United Arab Emirates. Will there be opportunities if these plans materialize? Well, that's what we currently foresee, but we don't see a replication of the Abu Dhabi case in Venezuela. We see it as an opportunity, but also with caution. In the Durant accounting adjustment, does this affect specific assets, projects or specific markets? Well, Durant, we're going to explain this in a very straightforward way. it's a plant a startup in the United States for let's say high precision pipe or for high alloy exchanges it's a plant where the investment was affected by the pandemic in 2021 there were delays in the initial startup and let's say that the project took longer than expected until the plant commissioning and Josu mentioned and is true on a direct level since we have local production we're not affected by the tariffs but on a global level since there may be products coming from many places that will always have a tariff the pass through to the final price can be direct or there can be certain delays in the projects so at certain points in time We've seen that although the strategic position of the company is the right one and we're in the segment so we need to be in the high added value segments like the other plant we have in the United States, Salem in Pennsylvania, there has been a delay in sales generation and profit generation. What we do is to evaluate that effect, and although it wouldn't have been necessary to make an impairment with a rigorous criteria with regard to an audit, what we've done is to consider this slow landscape in the progress of the project and make a global adjustment. It's not related to any specific equipment or asset that we plan to depreciate or which isn't useful in the long run. It's a general adjustment. And if the investment isn't recovered at the expected rate, we have already executed it. And although we expect this plant to become commercially and industrially operational, according to the parameters we expected at the beginning, we may in the future turn around this adjustment. So what I would like to make absolutely clear is that this adjustment isn't the beginning of a restructuring, a shutdown or anything like that. It's just a prudent valuation measure in terms of the project maturity at that plant and the technical and commercial internal development of the plant. This is the base for the adjustment that has been made at the Durant plant. Thank you both very much. We have no further questions. So if you would like to close with any final thoughts or if not, we can close the session. Well, we've given the main points in the presentation. Thanks for attending and also thanks for the participants that have sent in their questions because I'm sure it helps everyone to understand some of the details we've explained. So we're closing the presentation for a year that has been marked by a complicated and challenging and uncertain environment. But we're pleased with the year and looking at this coming year with optimism, but with caution and prudence and while being absolutely certain that we're doing everything we need to do to continue to create value for our shareholders. Thank you.