TRANSCRIPCIÓN - Telefónica
Fecha: 2026-02-17 08:38:54
================================================================================

Good morning and welcome to Telefonica's conference call to discuss January to June 2025 results.
I'm Thorsten Achtmann from Investor Relations. Before proceeding let me mention that the
financial information contained in this document has been prepared under international financial
reporting standards as adopted by the European Union. This financial information is unaudited.
This conference call and webcast including the Q&A session
may contain forward-looking statements and information relating to the Telefonica group.
These statements may include financial or operating forecasts and estimates
or statements regarding plans objectives and expectations regarding different matters.
All forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause the final
developments and results to materially differ from those expressed or implied by such statements.
We encourage you to review our publicly available disclosure documents
filed with the relevant securities market regulators. If you don't have a copy of
the relevant press release and the slides please contact Telefonica's Investor Relations
team in Madrid or London. Now let me turn the call over to our chairman and chief executive
officer Mr Mark Murtra. Good morning everyone and welcome to Telefonica's second quarter
results conference call. With me today are Emilio Gallo, Laura Vasolo, Marcus Haas,
Lutz Schuler and Eduardo Navarro. It is a pleasure to have you here as usual.
We will first walk you through the slides and we'll be then happy to take any questions.
Six months ago I joined to lead Telefonica with a clear goal,
unlock the values that exist within the company. We're still early in our plan but
the pieces are starting to come together. Today's results show steady operational
execution, continued progress on strategic initiatives and our strategic review which
we're expeditiously advancing on schedule for second half unveiling. Behind the scenes we're
making significant progress working intensively to get this right. While I can't share the
conclusions of our strategic review I can ensure that every decision we're making follows
four fundamental principles. First, customers are the core of everything we do. Second,
technology and operational excellence are fundamental to our business. Third, we apply
an industrial rationale to our decision making. Fourth, our ultimate goal is to create value
across all our decision making, all under strict financial discipline prioritizing Europe
and leadership in Brazil. Despite a variable macro environment we're focused on managing
what is within our control. We are confident that the transformation underway at Telefonica
will create value for our shareholders and strengthen our competitive position.
The strategic choices we're making will contribute to a stronger more competitive
telecom industry in Europe. On slide three let me walk you through our second quarter
operational highlights. We're maintaining momentum across customer growth, network expansion
and portfolio optimization. Each of these areas is part of our future starting with customer
focus. This quarter we added 2 million accesses to reach 349 million accesses.
Their experience and satisfaction remain a priority and customer lifetime value is improving
with high levels of NPS and low levels of churn. We continue with portfolio renewals
and new tariffs like in Spain with Mimovistar and O2. Our network build continues. We
accelerated our fiber to the home rollout with 1.5 million premises added in the quarter
while our 5G coverage expanded by two percentage points. The completion of our copper
shutdown in Spain marks an important moment. We're the first major European operator to
achieve this milestone. This frees up resources and focus for other endeavors. We're being
disciplined on efficiency and portfolio management. We continue to simplify SPAM. This allows us to
concentrate resources and management bandwidth where we can build competitive advantages.
In these six months we've reshaped our Latin America footprint. We completed the sales of
Argentina and Peru, signed a binding agreement for Colombia and recently announced binding
agreements for Uruguay and Ecuador. These transactions represent approximately 3 billion
euro in firm value. Our approach focuses on concentrating resources in select markets where
we have competitive advantages. The speed of execution matters and it allows us to be
productive on other fronts. Each transaction strengthens our ability to invest more
effectively in our core markets and has been structured to minimize execution risk.
This approach is part of our capital redeployment. This approach is an example of what we want our
industrial rationale to be. We evaluate every market and every investment through the lens of
industrial value. We aim for a simplified organization that can move faster and compete
more effectively. Our work in SPAM is not over. Moving to slide five. Revenue reached
almost 9 billion euro in the quarter, growing 1.5% organically, EBITDA almost 3 billion euro plus
1.2% and EBITDA minus CAPEX was broadly stable. Free cash flow turned positive to
505 million euro in the second quarter, an improvement of 718 million versus Q1. In the
first half, free cash flow was 291 million euro. Free cash flow will continue to improve
in the back half of the year following our typical seasonality. Foreign exchange headwings
impacted reported figures slightly higher than in Q1. Net financial debt decreased 5.5%
year on year to 27.6 billion euro as of June. The first six months reflect free cash flow
seasonality and the dividend payment in June. Lastly, earnings per share from continued
operations amounted to 7 cents of euro in the second quarter and 15 cents of euro in the first
half. Moving to slide number six. Spain and Brazil, which together represent 70% of group
EBITDA, showed improving trends this quarter. Spain delivered its best Q2 net add since Q318
while improving EBITDA minus CAPEX. Brazil continues its good run with record EBITDA growth
since Q423, performing above inflation, although it was negatively impacted by foreign exchange
movements. Germany is facing the effects of the B2B transformation while maintaining solid consumer
momentum. BMO2 is investing in its network while EBITDA decline slowed on efficiencies.
ESPAM showed resilience and declining EBITDA softened and growing contract net adds.
While we transform Telefonica, our operations must continue to deliver and improve. What we're
seeing across our footprint is operational stability. This will give us space to execute
our strategic initiatives while maintaining financial discipline. Our performance in Q2
is in line with expectations, reflecting different moving parts in the direction of
business. Based on our first half performance, we reiterate our full year 2025 guidance across
metrics. Revenue and EBITDA continue to grow in line with our targets. EBITDA minus CAPEX
was stable due to phasing and will improve through the year. CAPEX intensity remains within
our target of being below 12.5%. Free cash flow already improved in Q2 and we expect the
momentum to build through the second half, which is our typical seasonal pattern.
Leverage is currently above guidance target. This temporary uptick is mainly due to free
cash flow seasonality in the first half. The FX makes impact on the ratio and the dividend
payment in June. We're expecting it to improve over the course of the year. These results keep
us on track to deliver our guidance. Let me now hand over to Emilio to take you through
our operational performance in more detail. Thank you, Mark. Let me start by giving an
overview of the main themes in our core operating businesses. First, commercial momentum remains
steady. We are showing very sound levels of net ads. Low churn and our digital ecosystems
continue to gain traction. To highlight, in Spain we achieved the highest quarterly net
addition since the third quarter of 2018 and we will increase the number of O2T subscribers
by 55%. Second, our networks are a key differentiating factor for the quality of
our services, product offerings, and customer satisfaction. As an example, in Spain and Brazil
we have superior MPAs compared to our competitors. Also, the lifetime value of our convergent
customer is the best in our domestic market. Two is the figure of our closest competitors.
Third, our performance in key markets and our investment in Hispan show our focus on execution.
In Spain and Brazil, we have improved financial trends year-on-year in the second quarter.
In Germany, we are focused on mitigating the impact of the migration of one-on-one,
showing growth in underwriting terms. Finally, in the UK, budget-medial tools
declining a bit to improve reflecting cost efficiencies. On to slide nine,
performance in Spain was excellent, with accelerating growth in customer and financials.
Momentum in Q2 was again very strong, achieving the highest net ads in more than six years.
The year-on-year growth of our key services accelerated. There were several drivers behind
this. We saw a convergent trend reaching 0.8 percent, its lowest level in more than 11 years.
There was an improved portability balance. And finally, we had 89,000 TV net ads,
the highest number in more than six years. This has been possible thanks to Telefonica
España reinforcing its market position during Q2 with a cemented commercial strategy.
We improved ODOTS, a Movistar value proposition with additional features such as new TV content,
increased the fiber speed, and more mobile data.
On top of this, we launched Movistar Porte, a personalized customer care plan that deeply changed
the way we serve our subscribers. This approach is a structural change in the market.
It will drive a further expansion of our best-in-class MPS in Spain and a sustained
reduction in claims, which were already on the decline. This proves our commitment to
excel in customer experience in a market where trust and quality are a key loyalty factor to
drive commercial performance. Meanwhile, convergent ARPU remain the best in the market,
above 90 euros, despite the end of the football season and the higher auto penetration.
A strong financial performance continued with improved growth across metrics. Q2 revenue growth
increased year on year as to sustained growth in services and higher handset sales. Retail
revenue increased above inflation, driven by customer growth, price upgrades, and higher
wave of services beyond connectivity. We delivered growth in both B2C and B2B.
There was double-digit growth in IT sales, which already accounts for over 50% of B2B revenue,
with a record high IT backlog. As expected, wholesale and other revenue declined
due to the renewal of wholesale agreements, which added long-term sustainability.
The year-on-year growth in EBITDAO in Q2 also accelerated.
This performance is driven by several factors. Revenue growth, stabilization of leases,
efficiencies in network transformation, and hyper-automation. Also, copper networks
of dawn was completed in May. EBITDAO minus caps increased by over 2% in H1,
showing our leader-cast conversion in the domestic market. In summary, in Spain,
we continue to leverage our solid fundamentals to deliver a stronger performance.
Onto the next slide. Telefónica Brazil's performance in Q2 was again marked by solid
growth both in operation and financially, thanks to our sustained leadership in a quality
customer base. Upselling initiatives from prepaid to contract plans, our focus on convergence,
and our commitment to offer the best services, led to a 6% increase in our contract accesses
and more than a 60% increase in vivo total. Our ability to retain a high-value customer,
despite increasing prices, is reflected in post-paid churn. We remain very low in Q2 at
1.1%. The growth in TV accesses and the 42% increase in revenue from cloud services
are two examples of the increasing traction of our digital ecosystem in Brazil. Revenue increased
by 7% and continues to outpace inflation, thanks to two factors. Firstly, strong growth
in post-paid and fiber showcasing vivo's successful convergence strategy. Secondly,
growth in real terms of our fixed and mobile revenue. Despite this strong commercial
momentum, we were still able to maximize efficiencies, which resulted in OPEC's growing
below inflation. Vivo delivered the highest beta year-on-year growth since Q4-23 with margin
expansion. In Brazil, we have expanded our fiber footprint to 30 million premises past.
To highlight, on the 10th of July, Telefónica acquired the 50% stake of Fibra Cell,
owned by CDPQ, strengthening vivo's leadership in fiber. This cost R$850 million. In addition,
we have integrated the IoT and big data businesses into the cloud business. This change
will allow greater simplicity and increased efficiencies. In summary, I am happy to
report that Brazil is performing excellently. We expect to maintain these results throughout
the next quarter. Moving to slide 11. Telefónica Deutschland reported financial
were impacted by the migration of the one-on-one customer base and the partner business
transformation. While we continue looking for additional growth and efficiency measures
to mitigate this impact, the underlying performance showed growth across revenue,
mobile service, revenue, and EBITDA. Higher promotional activity continued across segment
in what is a more mature market. In mobile, we saw robust commercial additions,
with contract metas increasing double-digit quarter-on-quarter. Additionally, O2 contract
chance remained stable year-on-year at a low of 0.9%, reflecting the strength of the O2 brand.
In the B2B segment, we signed a major new customer, a German and European market leader
in food retail. Also, Telefónica Deutschland announced a strategic partnership with Siemens.
Together, both companies will transform the water industry with the first
fully integrated connectivity solution based on 5G network slicing. On the financial side,
revenue declined year-on-year mainly due to lower mobile service revenue.
EBITDA declined 6% year-on-year, reflecting the impact of the one-on-one customer
migration. We expect this impact to continue as more customers migrate off our network.
In summary, while finance has reflected temporary pressures, Telefónica Deutschland
continues to execute on its strategy to position the company for growth once the impact of the
one-on-one migration is over. We aim to achieve this role, investing in network leadership,
applying efficiency measures, and driving sustainable commercial performance through
focused growth initiatives in all segments. All of this will help drive profitable growth.
Moving to slide 12, the UK mobile market remained competitive in Q2 and version media
O2 stays focused on customer loyalty and protecting value. O2 contract chance improved
to 1%, driven by an enhanced customer experience and ongoing investment in network quality.
In FIX, we are stepping up our retention efforts as we adapt to evolving market conditions,
including the implementation of one-touch switch. At the same time, we expanded our
FIX network footprint to over 18.5 million premises past, with more than 7 million on
Fiber. Consumer FIX Artium also grew year-on-year for the fifth consecutive quarter.
During the quarter, we received regulatory approval to create a new B2B company,
with the transaction expected to close on August 1. We also announced an agreement to acquire
78.8 MHz of spectrum from Vodafone UK for £343 million. This acquisition will be partially
founded by the last year's minority state sale in Cornerstone. This transaction will bring our
total mobile spectrum share to around 30%, strengthening our network capacity. It will also
support greater balance across UK operators, enhancing competition, improving coverage and
elevating the customer experience. Spectrum transfer is expected to begin in the second
half of the year, subject to Ofcom's approval. Financially, revenue declined by 5.7% year-on-year,
mainly due to three factors. The facing of price increase under the new pounds and
pence approach, lower handset volumes and reduced next fiber bill activity. However,
EBITDA declined due to the revolution in next fiber construction. Excluding this, EBITDA growth
accelerated in Q2, reflecting the cost of optimization efforts following the 2024 investment
in IT and digital transformation. In summary, the UK business is progressing with a steady
network expansion, early signs of financial stabilization and continued focus on customer
value. Moving on to slide 13 and the operating performance in Hispán, which now includes four
countries. For the second consecutive quarter, we posted positive contract net ads in the region.
These positive results are driven by the improved network quality in Colombia due to the launch of
Movistar Antigua's single mobile network, our great performance in Mexico and a better regulatory
environment in Chile. On the fixed business, almost 100% of our broadband customers already
have fiber. Revenue decreased year-on-year mainly due to sales of copper in Chile in the first half
of 2024. EBITDA decreased 2.8% year-on-year but improved sequentially due to Colombia.
On to slide 14 to review our transversal units. Firstly, regarding telephonic attack.
Revenue growth rate improved quarter-on-quarter to over 12% year-on-year in Q2, with bookings
growing in line with revenues. By sector, the performance is driven by the solid demand
in financial services, health care, and public administration. And we have also reinforced our AI
and data capabilities to expand our offer. Secondly, on to telephonic infra. Our fiber
costs have already reached 29 million premises past, representing 35% of group deployment.
Our submarine cable business delivers sustained profitability with margins
of around 50%. Telsius has signed a partnership with Google to provide the necessary infrastructure
to launch the new subsea cable in Spain. In summary, consistent execution continues across
of our markets and businesses. I will now hand over to Laura for the main financial topics.
Thank you, Emilio. Free cash flow has improved by 718 million euro to 505 million euro in the
second quarter and 291 million euro in the first six months of the year. Free cash flow
follows its usual seasonality in the first half. And this has been reflected in the
evolution of the net financial debt and the leverage ratio, which has increased to 2.78 times.
However, as the year progresses, free cash flow will gain traction heading to our targets.
Furthermore, our net debt will be reduced to 26.0 billion euro after the sales of Telefónica,
Ecuador, Uruguay, and Colombia, an acquisition of the 50% of fibrocell.
We maintain ample liquidity, which covers the maturities over the next three years.
The average cost of debt has been reduced year on year from 3.64% in June 24 to 3.30% in June 25.
We continue with our present financial policy and free cash flow management,
which are key priorities for us. Turning to page 16.
This quarter we have made significant strides in our sustainability efforts. On the
environmental front, we have published an updated climate action plan marking a clear pathway
towards our ambition to be net zero by 2040. Furthermore, Telefónica has been included as a
supplier engagement leader by CDP for the six-year running in recognition of our efforts to
reduce value change emissions. On the social side, our customer-centric approach has led us to
launch a new personalized service model in Spain. We also remain committed to diversity
and inclusion initiatives, and this quarter we achieved 34% female executives. Looking
at governance, we have been recognized for our transparency, receiving awards for both fiscal
and sustainability reporting. Finally, I'm pleased to share that Time Magazine considers
Telefónica as the second most sustainable company in the world.
I will now hand back to Marc, who will wrap up.
Thank you, Laura. To summarize, our second quarter offers data to show that how we're
managing this transition period. We're maintaining operational performance
while we prepare for the changes ahead. We are making progress on portfolio
focus with fine A-spam transactions. Our networks continue to evolve, including
completing the corporate shutdown in Spain. We're on track to meet our financial guidance.
Our strategic review continues on schedule. We're taking a hard look on how to position
Telefónica in a changing industry. I look forward to sharing our conclusions
in the second half of the year. Thank you very much for your attention,
and we are now ready to take your questions.
Thank you. If you would like to ask a question, please press star followed by 1 1 on your
telephone keypad. Once again, that is star 1 1 to register a question. You will then
hear an automated message advising your hand is raised. To answer your question,
please press star 1 and 1 again. We will kindly ask you to ask a
maximum of two questions per participant. There will be a short silence while questions are
being registered. We will now take the first question from the line of Andrew Lee from
Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead. Good morning, everyone. I had two questions,
one on Spain and one on the UK. Just noting Emilio's, I guess, pretty bullish
comments on the strong KPIs in Spain, but revenue and EBITDA growth still remains pretty
low versus peers across Europe. The question is, do you expect growth to accelerate meaningfully
organically to more encouraging levels, or does Spain still need fixing, and what are the
potential opportunities to fix that, if so? Secondly, on the UK, the KPIs weakened again,
but the fiverr market looks ripe for consolidation. I know your net co-creation
process keeps stalling, but the question is, is VMO2 in a position financially to pursue
what it wants to do on fibre consolidation, or are there still inorganic things that need
to be done to put yourself in a position to succeed there? Thank you.
Thank you, Andrew. Regarding the question about Spain, I will say that we aim to
deliver revenue year-on-year growth higher than 2024 and fostered by the handset sales and
retail. We see B2C growth ahead, driven by a better customer experience, best-in-class chance,
January 25 price increase and solid mix of convergent KPIs supporting customer life
team value. New subscriber on O2 and diet to consumer Movistar Plus, and a solid new service
ecosystem increasing the traction of our portfolio. In B2B, we have a strong B2B momentum.
As communication IT coverage, we are the player with the best commercial offer.
It is the growth engine, while communication are protected by portfolio revamps.
In terms of wholesale, we expect wholesale and others to decline year-on-year.
Nevertheless, we have more sustainable wholesale businesses delivered from the
agreements signed in 2024. In terms of EBITDA and the cost, we expect to continue capturing
savings from efficiencies, network transformation, simplification of processes and systems,
and optimized commercial cost by automation and higher use of online channels.
As a result, we expect 2025 EBITDA and EBITDA to show higher year-on-year growth than in 2024.
I think we have different ways of capturing the opportunities we are interested in, but I cannot
comment on any specifics due to us wanting to keep confidentiality with regards to what we want
to do in the future. I think we have different ways of capturing the opportunities we are
interested in, but I cannot comment on any specifics due to us wanting to keep confidentiality
with regards to what we want to do on the M&A side and to maintain flexibility
with regards to how we perceive those opportunities. I am sorry for the ambiguous answer.
Thank you. Just on the Spain, is 2025 having higher growth than 2024 in revenue in EBITDA?
I guess that is the minimum you would want to see from that business. Would you expect
further acceleration organically into 2026 and beyond, or does something need to change
in the market for you to achieve that? We have commented that we have a strategy
review in this part of the year, and we will talk about the objectives and targets
of 2026 at the end of this strategy review. Thank you.
Thank you. We will now take the next question.
From the line of Joshua Mills from BNPP Exxon, please go ahead.
Hi, guys. Thank you for the questions I have too as well, please.
Mark, I understand we won't get much more detail on this until we arrive at the strategic
review. I would love to hear some high-level thoughts about the tech and cyber security
opportunities for yourself and telcos more generally in Europe. It is an area you have
talked about, but it is also one investors have been sceptical around the ability of telcos to
create value in historically. When you talk about industrial rationale for your strategic
review, what makes tech investments different now to in the past and more specifically,
what strengths do you think Telefonica brings to the table versus some of your telco peers?
That would be the first question. Then the second question, just on the UK,
if I come back to the results we saw this morning, a slightly weaker revenue than expected,
even if it is growing in absolute terms, in order to meet the guidance for revenue growth
for the year, you will have to accelerate in the second half of 2025. What will drive that
acceleration in revenue growth on a guidance basis with the MO2 and perhaps in that context,
if you could give a bit of colour around competition in the fixed line market as well,
that would be great. Thank you. Okay, thanks. With regards to the
first question, yes, markets have been sceptical and I would say with good reason.
And in the past, with regards to what telecom operators can do in the tech and cybersecurity
part of the world, I would say specifically in the product area, not so much in the
integration area. And what I do think or what we do think and what we're analysing
are two large changes that have happened, occurred in the last six to 12 months.
The first is the invigorated notion of strategic autonomy. Europe and the different
nation states have stated we need technological strategic autonomy and that in our mind means
having cybersecurity technology in Europe, which does not exist. And the second is the announced,
I would qualify as huge defence investments. And a lot of the announced huge defence
investments will be in creating technology. Cyber security, of course, is a twin brother
of cyber defence. So with regards to the first point, we expect conditions regarding the cyber
security market to change, driven by European political will. And if that happens, we would
react accordingly. And the second, we expect large investments in the area of cyber defence,
which we think those that operate in cyber security can capture. What strength do companies
like Telefonica bring to the cyber security area? We have and other large telecom operators
have a large, long and deep experience in integrating and managing cybersecurity products.
So we are near the cyber security space and we are part of the cyber security space.
But it is true we haven't created cybersecurity products.
Regarding the revenues in the UK, during the conference call we explained some factors that
explain the evolution of the revenue. And I'm going to hand over to Lutz to give you more
about that. Thank you, Emilio. Good morning.
Yeah, so the fixed market in the UK is impacted by one touch switch and also by high promotions
from all nets and also some direct competitors. So as a result of that, we have the second
quarter in a row negative net debt. So that is correct. What we are doing is that we have
a very sophisticated machine to manage retention in the right way and now we turn this machine
to prevention. And we have made good progress in the second half here. Now to your question,
how do we come to service revenue growth during the course of 2025? So obviously we have guided
revenue excluding hardware and construction revenue, which has been flat in the first half
year. Within that, consumer has been growing. So consumer service revenue has been growing
and B2B revenue has been shrinking a bit. We have a pretty encouraging funnel on the B2B side.
So we think we will get some bigger deals closed in the second half of this year
and therefore we stick to our guidance. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
We will now take the next question from the line of Akhil Atani from JP Morgan. Please go ahead.
Hi, morning. Thanks for taking the questions. I've got two please as well.
The first is just on the strategic review that you are running. And I guess I wanted to stand
away from the industrial side where I appreciate it is going to be hard for you to comment
specifically. But I wanted to ask a more philosophical question around the balance sheet.
There has been a perennial debate in the market around leverage across the sector and
whether that constrains the ability to invest freely or to take proactive measures on
acquisitions to drive strategic growth. And I just wondered now you're six months into the
process of reviewing what you want to do. Can you just talk us through how you think about
the balance sheet? And I guess the context being telephonic is probably at the upper end
of the peer group on leverage. Do you think that is any sort of constraint? Do you think
it is important to create more financial flexibility or conversely do you think given
cash flows improving it isn't a relevant factor? So I'd love to understand that a
little bit better. And then the second one is actually just in reference to a comment you made
in the press on the industrial plan. I guess I just wanted to understand how we should interpret
it specifically. It was in Spanish so maybe there's a translation related issue here.
But effectively what the article seemed to quote you as saying is that you're looking
to place a lot of bets to make sure that a few succeed. So I guess what I was really trying
to understand is what is that in relation to? Were you talking about industrial journeys
across different markets? Is that specifically in relation to M&A? Can you maybe just clarify
what you meant by wanting to take a multitude of bets to make sure a few of these deliver?
Thanks a lot. Sure Akhil. And actually the philosophical questions are the ones I really
enjoy. So regarding your first and philosophical questions, I break it down to two different
points. The first one, we will not compromise our grade, our net debt grade. We have of course
net financial debt, we have hybrids and we have other liabilities. So we're not going to move
with regards to the ratios we have and we have promised we will keep. With regards to
operations, of course operations also include acquiring a bidder. So any acquisition
can include the acquisition of a bidder. If the target one is acquiring has a larger leverage than
our leverage, that is a leverage problem. If it has a lower leverage, that is not necessarily
a leverage problem. And it is our technical belief that if we have good targets, the market
offers good options to finance those. So with regards to your final sub question,
the way we see it, our leverage and being on the upper end of the leverage is a constraint.
It is relevant, but we don't think it will be strategically
limiting to us. We can find solutions for good operations. That is always under the
initial constraint that we will always be investment grade. So that would be my answer
to your first question Akhil. With the second one, the answer that you read that was original
in Spanish, it has to do with assuming more calculated risks. So at the end of the day,
risk goes with return. And the reason we want to acquire a larger scale is because there
are larger economies of scale. We think that is good for Europe. And we think as part of the
idea of please let us gain scale, let us consolidate the European market and then we
will be able to invest in technology. And investments in technology have high risk.
So I am not discussing launching huge operations with high risk because that is not the nature of
what we do. But having the balance sheet and the capability eventually of launching small
operations that might have a higher risk profile and then detecting those that have or create
traction and being able to double down. So what I was saying is risk goes with return
and we need scale or we want larger scale to be able to take on more calculated risks. Any high
risk operation that we ever take would be of limited scope initially. If that works,
we would scale it up appropriately. So I was not referring to what one would imagine like
large or significant M&A operations. It had to do with technology or more limited operations.
That's really clear. Thanks very much.
Thanks. Thank you. We will now take the next question
from the line of Nick Liel from Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Hi there, morning. Could I ask too as well please? Just firstly on Germany, is it possible
for you to give us the underlying ARPU move of the remaining 17.6 million contract subs on the
Telefonica brand please? And then secondly on Spain, you mentioned copper savings as you
shut down the network and you're first in Europe. Could you give us more details
on what you've found so far in terms of savings and maybe a bit of help on what
future savings you might be able to take as you shut down copper? Thanks very much.
Thank you, Nick. Regarding the Telefonica Deutschland question, I'm going to hand
over to Marcus to give you more explanation about that.
Thank you. I think in the reported average postpaid ARPU, you clearly see the wholesale
customers included. So with the phase out and the migration, there's a technical effect. So the
ARPU will finally grow to the ARPU by year end and then you will see next year the full
own postpaid ARPU with the reduction of the wholesale customers. It's clearly, we always said
is significantly higher than the reported number that you see. While we don't have a segment
reporting through the different customer types, you will clearly see a constant improvement.
But what we can say is we have a broadly stable ARPU with our own customers as reported
and presented earlier. The small reduction is mainly driven by family cards and second SIM
cards. But the overall ARPU trend in the O2 postpaid base, and it's clearly the major or
the lion's share in the 17 million that you mentioned, is broadly stable.
Nick, regarding the copper question, just to remember that the Telefonica is the European
leader in copper switch-off. It's having shut down the entire copper network. Today we are
a fiber company with not even a single copper subscriber. We have consolidated structural
efficiency for copper switch-off with a total benefit of more than one percentage point
in 2024 EBITDA margin. These efficiencies are derived from lower energy consumption,
lower technical failures, optimized cost in call centers, lower maintenance cost,
and a star resizing enabled by technological upgrade. The end of the fiber rollout and
copper switch-off do not mean the end of the network transformation. Telefonica has
to continue dismantling copper facilities. In fact, we're into reaching a run rate with
an additional half a point in margin when transformation is over. That will be around
three more years. Okay, great. So sorry, in summary, is it one percentage point margin
improvement this year? EBITDA minus CAPEX and then 0.5% over the next three years.
Is that roughly what you're guiding to with that copper move?
No, no. It's one percentage point in 2024 and in the next coming years after all the
transformation that it will take three years, it will be an additional half a point in margin.
Okay, that's clear. Thanks very much. Thank you. We will now take the next question.
From the line of David Wright from Bank of America. Please go ahead.
Hello, guys. Thank you for taking my question. I just noticed in the release and the
Telefonica Deutschland section, you talk about, and I quote, mounting consumer reluctance to spend.
And I guess independently we have seen, perhaps with the Einstein's profit warning
recently, consumer desire to maybe raise usage. So how should we think about that?
Is the consumer looking to grow data but really doesn't want to spend anymore? Are you finding
major opposition? And do you think that is a barrier to wider price increases
in the near term in Germany that some of your competitors are maybe considering? Thank you.
And thank you very much for the question. I'm going to hand over to Marcus to give you more
explanation and with more detail. Thank you for your question, David.
I think we see twofold. If you look at the prepaid and the postpaid segment,
what we clearly have seen is that in the prepaid segment, we have been able to increase
our promotions and tariffs by 10% with the launch of unlimited on demand in the last quarter.
It was a very successful proposition, so we see the willingness to pay more for more data
if the proposition is right. Clearly, we need to model smart models and also smart
tariff plans that we saw, but especially the unlimited on demand that Telefonica
introduced to the German market last year is clearly a way to monetize data by not giving
the full unlimited. The full unlimited plans are currently set at 60 euro. Clearly,
there are promotional activities on them, but every unlimited customer on our network
grades is APO-ecreative. Whenever customers choose unlimited, we increase the average APO
of the customer base. Clearly, there's still demand for 20, 50, and 100 gigabyte tariff
plans, and that's still the majority of the inflow that you have seen of the 180,000 postpaid
net ads that we delivered in the last quarter. I think it's a mix. There's a higher
willingness to pay for unlimited. I think that's the first conclusion that we take,
but clearly, we need to play smart. Clearly, we have different underlying economics if you
play like an MBNO with unlimited, of course. From that perspective, there's value up,
and we are currently realizing that. Thank you. We will now take the next question
from the line of James Rutter from New Street Research. Please go ahead.
Yes. Good morning. Thank you for taking the question. Two, please. The first one goes back
a little bit to what I think Josh was asking earlier on cyber security, but we'd just love
to dig in a bit more on what your current investments are in areas around sovereign cloud
and what's included in your capex at the moment for data spending or gigafactory spending.
I noticed with Interest, Deutsche Telekom recently signed a large deal with Nvidia
to expand some of their investments in Germany. I'm really wondering whether you take your
current levels and see the need to increase the spending in that area in Spain.
The second question was, we'd just love to get a process update on the fiber pass
stake sale. Is that currently on pause at the moment as part of a strategic review,
like the UK net co-sale? Or if not, and that process is ongoing at the moment,
could you give us an update on expected timing for that transaction to close? Thank you.
Yeah, so I'll have a first quick answer and then I'll pass to Emilio. With regards to the
future regarding data centers or opportunities like that, that is part of the strategic
review. You mentioned the net co-sale. The UK net co-sale is not paused and it's not part of
the strategic review. That is a decision we made and announced and that has to do with our
industrial strategy and industrial way of working. So Emilio. Regarding the fiber
pass, I would say that this process is ongoing and it's not based on the strategy
review. We have an agreement with Vodafone. We are working on that in the same plan that
we had before. Regarding the first question, talking about cybersecurity or cloud,
we don't see the need to invest CAPES in an important amount of cash because
this kind of business is not considered. It's not so important to invest in CAPES.
Regarding gigafactories, can I say at this moment that the Euro plans an initiative to
invest in establishing up to five AI gigafactories? There was a question of interest.
We have a response to this expression of interest because we are interested in hosting
one gigafactory in Spain. But at this moment, it's too early to give you more details because
this is a process that will really start to be in our consideration during the last part of
the year where the government or the UAE finally launch the process with RQP or whatever process
they consider. We have time for one last question.
Thank you. We will now take the next question from the line of Keval Kiroja
from Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead. Thank you. We've got two questions
please. Firstly, Tef Deutschland had the 2025 outlook for a broadly stable EBITDA but
understandably we've seen the EBITDA falling 4% in the first half. Is the business tracking
in line with your expectations and when do you think EBITDA in Germany will stabilize and then
grow? Secondly, just a question on infrastructure. Telefonica historically had different
structures on infrastructure from fully owned JVs to having minorities. Do you feel it's
more important to fully owned infrastructure than before? I noticed you bought out your JV
partner in Fee Brazil. Thank you. Regarding the first question, I'm going to hand it over to
Markus. Thank you, Emilio. I think it's first to note on the German EBITDA that the migration
of the national roaming and MBNO revenues is a two years journey. I think the combination
of growth and efficiency measures started already bearing fruit in early 2024. It
supported last year's EBITDA growth for Germany alone by 4.3% full year, year over year. While
one-on-one customer migration was suspended as we all know by last year by several issues
on technical reasons on the partner side, we faced in 2025 tough comps on EBITDA
with the pre-delivery already in 2024. Coming back to your question, broadly stable is a
range that goes from the minus to the positive. It's around a zero point. Overall, we feel
comfortable what we have said in the past. It's a two years journey and we deliver the
efficiencies not on a linear basis as outlined. Overall, we are on track with the accelerated
growth and efficiency plan. Regarding the second question, I would say our position is
and will be as the result of the strategic review that we are an industrial operator
and therefore core infrastructures of our business are better run near our business
and in a simplified way so that we can coordinate the different areas of our
business including monitoring demand and making offers servicing that demand with
infrastructures and of course with a convergent offer. I wouldn't comment too much with regards
if that is more or less than what we used to say. That is the way we operate and that is the
way we see we operate in a more efficient way from a cost point of view and from an offering
in services for our clients to keep our pool high and turn low. That's clear, thank you.
At this time, no further questions will be taken.
Okay, well thank you everybody. I'm sorry for the answers we didn't answer and I think there was
maybe one of you tried to ask a question and by the time we realized we jumped on to the
next question so we are happy to answer that offline. I hope this was a useful time of your
hour and we're looking forward to having a deeper conversation once the board approves
the new strategy and we make it public. Thanks very much, have a good day.