TRANSCRIPCIÓN - Amadeus
Fecha: 2026-03-26 09:39:09
================================================================================

 Welcome to Tubasex, a trailblazer in next-generation industrial solutions for energy and mobility. With over six decades of leadership, Tubasex stands as a paragon of innovation and operational excellence. Globally, our footprint extends across 25 state-of-the-art manufacturing plants and service centers, reinforcing our unwavering commitment to partners worldwide. Our expertise in corrosion-resistant alloy CRA OCTG solutions makes us more than manufacturers. We are strategic allies. With our buy-your-side value proposition, Tupasex provides comprehensive support, accompanying our clients throughout their entire journey. Thank you. This is the Tubasex commitment, deeply rooted locally with our branches reaching out across the world. At Tubasex, we turn global vision into local action, making a tangible difference in energy solutions worldwide. Our partnership with the United Arab Emirates extends beyond business transactions. It represents a shared commitment to enhanced efficiency, performance, and the continuous advancement of technology. At Tubisex, technology serves the planet, fulfilling our unwavering mission to address the challenges of human progress with cutting-edge products and services in energy and mobility. Join us on this transformative journey to power the future, responsibly and sustainably. Transcription by CastingWords questions are made by written and for that you can use the tool that you have in the webcast. Next, I'll give you the word to Joshua Imad. Thank you, Raquel, and welcome to this presentation of the Ejercicio 2025. As I said, Raquel, we started with a review of the main elements that have been made the Ejercicio and the first one cannot be another that the situation of general uncertainty and a general deficit in the market that has affected the activity of activity global and that as a result gives a rate of sales in the exercise of 719,3 million euros, which is a descent of 6,3% in the rate of sales of 2024. Despite all, the group has been able to maintain a stable rentability with a rate of 105,8 million euros, practically in line with the EBITDA obtained in the previous exercise and a improvement of EBITDA to the 14,7% frente to the 13,9% of the previous exercise. This improvement is supported in our position in markets and premium products and also, evidently, in the discipline operative cost. Another relevant exercise that has been mentioned earlier has been the registro in the accounts of 2025 of tax cuts extraordinary, no recurrent and without impact in cash, that have been oriented to adequate the valuation of certain active activities to the current situation of the market. In total, the impact of these tax cuts in EBITDA has been of 30,7 million euros, of 49,3 million euros in the EBIT and of 47,2 million euros in the benefit net. On the other hand, with respect to the credit card, this is a exercise in a number of 1.233 million euros, so in high levels and with a higher value of products of high value added premium in segmented highly exigentes. On the other hand, with respect to the evolution of the balance in this exercise, we must say that it has been marked clearly by the circulatory capital. directly asociado al ramp-up de proyectos estratégicos. In this sense, in the fourth trimestre we have already started the normalization of the levels of capital circulated thanks to the advance in facturation and cobros, both at the global level in the group as specifically in the contract that we are executing for Adnok. Cabe also note that in the framework of the strategic review, the company refuerza the focus in generating cash and also in the improvement of metrics of return, as well as the creation of value. And also in terms of remuneration to the accionist, we have to subray that we maintain the policy of dividend of 40% of payout on the net worth of net income adjusted, and in that sense, we will have a proposal of 6,4 million euros, which obviously is subject to approval by our General General of Accionists. And of the year of the year, at the end of the presentation, we will be a little more, but the company maintains a prudence in a environment where we maintain uncertainty and volatility, and where we will have a clear focus on the generation of caja, in the control of capital circulated and in the growth rate. And without more, I'll pass the floor to our director financier, Guillermo. Well, first, good morning to all and thank you for this time that you spend this morning for analyzing the results of the company. In general, and as my introduction general, always the presentation of some results is the immediate photo of the past, but also it is a base for analyzing from where we are going and where we want to go in the immediate future of the company. I'm going to try to give you a little bit of light on the main magnitude of the results of the generating of the caja, of the balance, to see where we are, what effects have been in the year 2025, which both externally as internally has been very important, and facilitation the comparability, both with the recent past, which is the 2024, as with what is coming, which may be the year 2026. entrando ya en las principales magnitudes de cuentas resultados y tratando de no repetir mucho lo que ha dicho Yosu es un año estable en cuanto a volumen de negocio lo que es la cifra de ventas entendiendo que hay una caída de 6% pero en un año en el cual variables fundamentales como puede ser el níquel en nuestras ventas o la depreciación del dólar en toda la cadena de valor que esté dolarizada impactan en esa cifra So this is a first message of stability in a geopolitical environment really complex, not for Tuvacek, but in general for all the world empresarial or industrial. In terms of Levitra, it is reselling the year in a 14,7%. As many of you know better than I, in companies of size and diversification of Tubacex, in terms of use of operational capacity or capacity, it is important to analyze the rentability of the project and be at about a 15% in this environment, what it reveals is the failure in the mix of product, in the geographical position or in the production and the commercial vision of the group. This, transferred to the entire chain of results, leads to about 58 million and a benefit before the impuestos was very in line with the 30 million that we reached the previous year. When we see the net benefit of the last line, we have to understand that in the strategy of the company, and as a result, also, buscar, voluntary and strategic, we work with reference sources very important in the main countries of our products, like in Abu Dhabi or in the case of Mudadala, a level of financial and financial. That is a little bit what gives the view of the results. At the level of capital circulated and financial net, I think there are two aspects absolutely resellable. First, the year 2025, and I think that the video from very short time, that we have seen at the beginning of the presentation, is a historical year in the company. in terms of the implementation of a 90 million euros in the Emirates of Abu Dhabi. We are talking about one of the business case in country value most spectacular that can be seen in the industrial world and with a extraordinary future that is linked to a 1.000 million dollars for the suminist of CRA in high-reliations. Cerrar with a circulant of 324 million, close to the 310 million in the year 2024, when we have had to do all the stock in this year, and have done it, it means that the plant is working, is working, is working, is selling, and is stocking all this product. It has been a challenge of dimensions, I would say. There is also a message in this point, that now we are in a 45% of circulated over ventas. Remember that our circulant always is linked to projects and always is vendered and asegured in how much cobra But the company, as it goes actualizing, regularizing all its flow of circulants and stocks Logically, it looks to reduce that ratio in the least amount of time possible The financial debt ends up in 3,3 times, over 3 Remember that our final goal of the final strategy is to be reasonable to reach 2% but we understand, as indicated in the ratio of circulates over ventas, that at the end this position will be progressively improving as soon as the cycles of stock and conversion in cash go on. With this, I just throw a message that the comparability of the numbers is always complex, but in a year like the 2025, much more, for the effect of the investment in CAPEX of the plant and the effect of the ramp-up circulated related to the whole project of Abu Dhabi and the capacity of the company, both at the level of results as well as of balance, to absorb that effect. Entrando a little bit in detail on the results, the stability that I've mentioned, even knowing that we've had joint effects in nickel and dollar which can almost be 25 million euros in the facturation rate, to make it comparable. And in terms of the ratio of rentability, when companies talk about added value products, we have to lower it a little more to the ground. Within this ratio of 14,7%, which really has been a lot of reach in the year, we have products related to the nuclear sector, with high amounts of oil and gas in extreme conditions, or all the product of Shapsi, which mainly produces in Austria with an important integration with the rest of the group including the acer and the plant in Spain That what is posibilitating de Austria con una integraci muy importante con el resto de plantas del grupo incluida la acer y las plantas en Espa Eso es lo que est posibilitando que incluso en un sector geopol convulso afectado por aranceles, con retrasos en proyectos clave, se esté pudiendo mantener esta situación de rentabilidad. En cuanto al balance, creo que os lo anticipaba al inicio de la presentación. We made a high peak of the year in September of 2025. We gave, in that moment, the ramp up of stock, that is, all the product product of the part of the logistic project of Adnok. Remember also that Tubacex, in a year, only fabricated tubes. Now fabricated tubes and connections. Now stocking and now has service in the pozo, which is not that Adnok has been hired by a product. We are contrating the integral of a product, a service and a chain of value, which is absolutely critical for its operational activity in the Emirates. This effort, as I said, concludes in September. It begins to regularize in December and will be a continuo throughout the year. We can't promise that in certain weeks there will be no peak circulated. If there are, it is a good news, because we are accelerating a project that has committed 1.000 millions as minimum value and 80% of the future needs of the Emirates in this type of product. So we can consider the start-up, the project consolidating and in plenary launch, a project that initially thought we could develop throughout 10 years, but with the current rate, would be more in turn to 6 or 7 years. I also mention a series of aspects that I think, in some way, show the security in the things that we do. We have covered this construction of project. The CAPEX has been relevant in the year and, logically, it impacts on the caja and on the debt. We have covered, during the 25th, the payment of a extraordinary dividend, not only the ordinary dividend. A company that is building circulated and is building a plant from zero in the Emirates has to be very sure of what it does to give a dividend of 25 million euros in the year, which has to start from a balance liquid, solid, safe and solvent, which is where we start. We always refer to the effect available, which is the sum of the caja and the lines that are available without any kind of condition in its disposal. This is where we start. It is to 256 million euros. That if we add lines of export dedicadas a proyectos habilitados para su utilización, subiríamos de los 300 millones. En cuanto a la solvencia, mantenemos un patrimonio neto sobre activos totales del 32%. En un año que toda nuestra base de recursos propios, nuestro shareholders equity, está condicionado por la conversión de balances en dólares o dolarizados. Es decir, cualquier actividad que tengamos en Emiratos, in the United States, in India, has been affected by the depreciation of the dollar, with which, our ratio of bonds disminutes by that effect. There is also an effect of automatic automatic, which is all the adjustment that has mentioned Joshua at the beginning. That goes against the patrimony of the company. Even with all that effect, we have over the 30% of bonds propels over total. I said at the beginning of the exhibition that a result of a balance is a photo of the immediate future, but also a photo of stability and of solidity for everything that is coming to the end of the strategic and business. And without further ado, I will give you the word to Yosu for that we give a little bit of color in everything that is the mix of ventas, the positional commercial, the payment of the orders and the immediate future of the company. Thank you very much, Guillermo. Well, as we said, we'll see with a little more detail the results of our sales in the exercise for sector and geography. We have to say that in the exercise of 2025, the results of the sales has been characterized by having a mix very balanced and with a significant weight of premium and strategic weight, where eminentemente destacan the products destined to extract and production, mainly of gas, with a 52,3% on the market in what has to do with the combination of extraction and production of gas and oil. The industry represents a little more than 25% of the exercise, Power Generation the 7,5% and Aerospace the 5,3%, very significant that this industry is starting to acquire a range of rates in the mix of our sales. Therefore, a mix of diversified sector, which, with the geographical amplitude, helps reduce the ciclicity of the group's business. If we go to the glose for geografies, we see that Asia and Middle Middle focus on the 44% of our sales, which is explained mainly by the rate of Oriental in the segment of the extract and production of gas. This exposures, which may seem elevated, is absolutely aligned with the strategic objectives of the company and it is not for another reason that because Oriente Medio is a key market, in fact, it is the main market at the world, not only for the group, but in the segment of the CR-A that we mentioned earlier. So, there is a lot of sales of ventas, both for sector as for geographies, diversificado, equilibrado y como una muy buena base para seguir construyendo oportunidades en los años venideros. Con todo esto, la cartera de pedidos, como ya hemos mencionado anteriormente, ha cerrado el ejercicio en 1.233 millones de euros. Por composición, la cartera muestra un peso mayoritario de extracción y producción de gas, con un 79,6%, y está muy concentrada en productos de alto valor añadido. Este 79,6% en extracción y producción de gas, evidentemente, está directamente vinculado con el megacontrato plurianual con Adnok, que comentaba Guillermo, de más de 1.000 millones de dólares. De cara a los próximos trimestres, el pipeline de oportunidades se mantiene robusto, diría que especialmente en los segmentos de SAPSEA y nuclear, pero tampoco podemos olvidar que persiste la incertidumbre en los calendarios de adjudicación y en el ritmo de conversión en pedidos. The pipeline, therefore, is robust. The quantity and quality of the opportunities gives tranquilidad. The question comes with respect to the timing of the conversion of all this pipeline in order of the purchase that aliment the carter of the pedir. Intentando dar un poquito de detalle y color a la actividad comercial del grupo en el ejercicio 2025, haremos un repaso de las principales tendencias por cada una de las industrias a las que servimos. En extracción y producción de gas y petróleo, mencionábamos nuestro posicionamiento en OCTG. The market, as we said, maintains a very relevant weight in the ejercicio, with mainly entregas to Adnock and Petrobras, which, by the way, have been made according to the calendar previsto. In Shapsi, Umbilicales, the market remains in record levels. We have to 18 months of work already comprometida in our market of pedir, and the trend continues to be positive, respalded by a pipeline of projects robust for the next three years at least. And in drilling, there is a progress in the commercial activity, still not converted into pedidos, but that allows us to be reasonably optimistic for the next semester and semester. With respect to the industrial segment, the process industry in the market of mainstream and downstream The premiums have remained in low levels, with DecisionX and CAPEX, which have been retrasated from 2025 to 2026. Remember that this segment is in which the percentage of premium product is less significant and therefore, in first place, the contractions of new orders when the economy in general shows a certain debility. In this context, the segment of metanol is one of the areas with greater activity, impulsada por proyectos vinculados a combustibles de menor huella de carbono y se espera aquí una recuperación gradual del mantenimiento en refinerías americanas a partir del segundo trimestre del 2026, de acuerdo a las previsiones actuales. Con respecto al ámbito de los fertilizantes, el foco ha estado en avanzar en nuestras cualificaciones y en desarrollar oportunidades comerciales con clientes que esperamos que con el paso del tiempo, insisto, comiencen a convertirse también en órdenes de compra y en actividad para nuestras fábricas. En el sector de generación, en el cuarto trimestre del ejercicio 2025, se han registrado pedidos relevantes en Asia, específicamente para el suministro de calderas ultra supercríticas para el mercado chino. En Europa también se han confirmado pedidos en el ámbito nuclear con nuestro cliente IDF, including the supply of products for Hinkley Point, very relevant, and also received maintenance contracts for traditional centrales in France. And for the 2026, we have to recognize that the perspectives in the nuclear field are very positive. We have tenders in Europe with IDF and Westinghouse also. In terms of the SMRs, the new generation of small centrales small small centrales is advancing, although the decisions are still more long. And at the same time, we will focus on the new generation of centrales of cycle combinado, which seems to have its spread, mainly in the European market. In the segment of aerospace and defense, as we said before, it has been a very positive year, with a market more oriented to programs long term, where we have been able to extend agreements with several of our clients, mainly in the United States. So, this region is a key region and we hope that in the future our growth also will be derived from Europe and India. And in the rest of the markets, I would mention the segment of hydraulic and instrumentation, where, as well as the first phase of the project of RUYA in Qatar, we have had significant advance in opportunities corresponding to applications industrials of high demand. And with respect to the low carbon, low carbon, we also have registered advance in descarbonization solutions, with quite active activity in projects of capture carbon, hydrogen and recubringes oriented to increase the efficiency and reduction of emissions in industrial processes. Passing to review the main indicators of SG, here I would say as general comment that practically in all the main indicators, or we have had a reasonable advance focused on reaching the objectives that we marked in the past for 2003, or even in some of the indicators, the result of 2025 has already exceeded the objective that we marked in the moment If we go block a block starting with the environment the energy energy energy in 2025 has reached the level of 1 The intensity of emissions, alcances 1 and 2, has been of 0,21 tons of CO2 per every million euros of added value. In terms of the percentage of renewable energy that the group has used, the number is situated in a 35,2% and, and with the circular economy, we have to give the result of 82,2% of reciclating residues over the total of the residues generated. Pasando a lo que tiene que ver con la cadena de suministro, hemos alcanzado un 92,7% de nuestra red de proveedores ya evaluados con criterios ESG. And in everything that has to do with people, in diversity, the ratio of salary salary is located in a 5,1%. We have invested 21,6 hours of training for employee during the exercise. And in the two indicators of evolution of the rates linked to the security and safety. In the first, the rate of frequency of accidents with low rate, we have located on a 38,6% and in the rate of gravity, on a 40,6%. As I said, in all cases, we move positively towards the goals marked for 2030 or in 2025 we have positioned in a position to overcome the goal marked. And now, Raquel, I'll pass the word to tell you about the growth of the action of Tuvacex throughout the Ejercicio 2025. Respecto a the evolution of action, we can see in the graph two sequences very different. We started the exercise with a very positive trend. We reached a maximum in March of 4,39 € per action. But from that moment, we produce the call of the liberation and the announcement of the arancels in the United States, so as a period of great uncertainty. We see that a drastic collapse, which is similar to all sectors of industrial companies. And after that initial collapse, there is a certain rebote, although no one reaches the levels previous to that announcement. In the second half of the year, the action has moved in line with the uncertainty and debility that we have mentioned in the entire market. A pesar de esto, vemos cómo la acción ha cerrado el año en 3,335 euros, lo que supone una capitalización bursátil de 422 millones de euros y, al final, una revalorización de 2,5% positivo, que no es una gran revalorización, pero sí que muestra la resiliencia de la acción de Tubacex, incluso en un contorno que es altamente retador. And, therefore, to end the presentation of what has been supposed the Ejercito 2025, we would call it as a resilient and disruptive discipline in an exigency environment. We have already talked about the macroeconomic incertidum, which has marked clarifying the Ejercito of the company. Guillermo ha mencionado el hito estratégico histórico de haber sido capaces de poner en marcha nuestra planta en Abu Dhabi, que como él mencionaba habéis podido ver en el vídeo de introducción, y no es menos significativo el hito vinculado a nuestra conexión Premium Sentinel Prime y el acuerdo de licencia firmando Conaknok para su uso en aplicaciones no CRA, which allows us to position our connection at the maximum level of demand in the markets in which we compete, and allows us to at the same time to adopt an independence and an autonomy that we didn't have in the past, and that, therefore, allows us to access to markets that, now, were inaccessibles for our own means. We also talked about the rentability, with a EBIT ajustable of 105,8 million euros and a margin of 14,7%, despite the uncertainty and debility of the market that we have mentioned in several occasions. We recorded the voluntary adjustments that we communicated with anteriority and we close with a record of the variable maintenance of our dividend policy for our accionists. And to close the presentation, we want to make a brief recap of how we see the exercise in course. In what has to do with the market conditions, we have to recognize that the 2026 starts with a volatile environment. that is still marked by the macroeconomic and geopolitical uncertainty, and that, therefore, the context of which we can't obviate, is retiable. In that context, our view of the exercise is prudent and, at the same time, optimistic. We believe that we have some robust fundamentals. Everything that we have been discussing in this presentation nos hace sentir confianza en los cimientos que esta compañía ha establecido en los últimos años y eso también se corrobora con la robustez del pipeline de oportunidades que también hemos mencionado específicamente o especialmente en los sectores de umbilicales y nuclear. Si bien, como ya hemos mencionado, se mantiene la interrogante sobre en qué calendarios se irán adjudicando las diferentes oportunidades a lo largo de los próximos meses, trimestres y semestres. En ese contexto, por lo tanto, no podemos más que mantener un enfoque muy disciplinado y muy prudente, priorizando la rentabilidad, priorizando la generación de caja y la gestión del balance. Por lo tanto, las prioridades para 2026 son muy claras. The first one resides in the focus on the operational operational operating system, by the normalization of the capital circulated, which, as we said, has already started in the fourth quarter of the previous exercise, and with that, the conversion of activity in the generality of caja. The second one is the refueling of the discipline in the use of capital, prioritizing, as we have mentioned, the improvement of the return. And the third priority for the organization in this exercise is the impulse of the efficiency and the excellence operative and the fact that we are very selectively in our commercial activity, in the capture of pedir, prioritizing projects of added added value and rentability. And to end, we remind you of the next few more relevant events. The 28th of May will be our annual Junta General of Accionists. And as we have announced in a few weeks, at the same time, we will have the opportunity to actualize the conclusions of the strategic revision that we have been developing in the last few months. And without more, Raquel, I think we can move on to the questions that you can have. Yes, thank you both. We start with a question about the project of Adnock and its contribution in the 2025 and its contribution also in the 2026. We have said throughout the presentation that the plant of Abu Dhabi is full of operative and also they ask for the satisfaction and quality of the client with respect to that plant. How is it going? Or, once it is already started, how is it going? Well, the contribution of the Adnok project, as we have been mentioned, the contribution moves between 100 and 150 million euros in the year, approximately. In the 2025, the specific number of the year has been in the middle of the range. Yes, it has been in 126 million in the 2025. and the prevision for the 26 is to make 150 million. That's it. If everything goes well. We mentioned that the megacontrato has a cost of more than 1.000 million dollars and we have to recognize that the contribution to the market, the conversion of that megacontrato in order of specific in order of the first trimester, semesters, is being more accelerated than what initially expected. So, these are the numbers of contribution specific in the quantitative and qualitative. The plant is working exceptionally well. We are very satisfied with how has been developed all the process of putting and starting. The plant is plenamente operative and the standards that have been applied there are the group of maximum exigence. and so what from there is that it is submitted absolutely the standards of the company and that is allowing us to be very positive feedback from the clients, both in terms of the quality as in terms of the delivery of time. At the same time, the Abu Dhabi question, what is the rate of use now of the Abu Dhabi and if we are receiving from there already from other different clients from Adnock? We still serve exclusively to Adnok, but in the pipeline of opportunities that I mentioned, there are also interesting opportunities in the OCTG market, which is the one that responds to Abu Dhabi. And with respect to the use of use, we still have margin for growth, so we are far from saturating the plant. and I think that in some cases we mentioned that it is a segment of market in which the growth of growth is immense and we believe that we have the industry perfectly prepared for that growth. If you have a little bit of that, I would like to add something that for us in casa, in Tubacex, is obvious, but for the market, it is obvious. I have a while I said that it would have been a hit to be able to conclude the construction of the plant, to do it in a year, to have it plenamente operative, to have done the stock. And someone could ask, well, how did it do if the plant was built? And the answer to that is very simple. We, what are the installation of the cold and the cold and the cold and cold, in CRA, in Amurrio, what we have done is duplicating that capacity with technology absolutely new, with technology more productive than the one we had in Amurrio. in the Emirates. That has as objective, evidently, to serve the project of ADNOC. First, it will send a message of polivalence, that is, when we had no finished the floundering, we had no finished in the cold, we had no finished in Amurrio and finished in Abu Dhabi, and now we had no finished in Abu Dhabi and finished the project there. Then there is also a added in terms of the solidity of the value chain. At the beginning, when we saw this project hace many years, nobody could have been able to do that it would be mechanized with our own property, the Sentinel Prime. And this is what we are doing in this project. So we have, in some way, the capacity of production of cold and rosca. We have a proprietary solution that allows the complete benefit of the company of the entire process of integration. And we have absolute flexibility and we have time in production and lead time. A that is the typical, the typical, the Tuvacex, having our own acería and our own installations of heat. What does this mean? Well that having the open let have the open in terms of capacity to have a cabao we have much more access to the opportunities that can come Will it be in Adnok will they be in Emiratos will they be in Petrobras will be where it is but the reality is that the group is integrated that is capable of doing it and that we have capacity to continue advancing in all the projects in CRA that we can be planned. Well, they are grateful for the results in a complicated environment, that they are consolidating in a EBITDA of 100 millions of euros, but we are asking if we can give a little more color on the guidance for 2026. In particular, another question, we go further, more detail in terms of guidance. We ask them directly if we believe, based on our current chart, that we have possibilities to continue increasing the margins in 2026 and that, as we have said that we will put the focus on the normalization of circulants, what would be a reasonable assumption of deudas for the final of 2026? This is the end. Muchas preguntas. Bueno, vamos a ver, empiezo por la última, que es la fácil. En lo que hemos presentado de balance y en relación con el EBITDA ajustado, hemos terminado el año 25 con 3,3 en un momento, digamos, de ramp up de circulante y de actividad fuerte. The immediate goal of the year, without knowing or having a crystal ball of how can evolve the circulate in the 26th, will be to the 3rd at the end of the year 26th, even knowing that it is a very exigant goal, given the situation or the acceleration that can have the same project of Abu Dhabi. But we understand that we have the means, both at the technical level, commercial or financial, to be able to do it. In the part of guidance, I'll give you the ball to go soon, but I would like to contextualize what is to do a guidance for the 26th. There are two reverses in the mirror. There is an external situation geopolitical and external uncertainty that is not only affected us, but that is affecting many companies in terms of the situation and the retraso of projects. with which in many cases or in many segments of our product, the visibility is difficult. It is not easy to project it with exactitude. And in line with what I mentioned earlier, the group is configured to take advantage of all the opportunities that it has to improve the results that we have in the 25. Probably, to take a estimate today, we will have to mix or ponder the two things. We are working in a weak environment, except in certain segments of product like the Umbilical SAFSI or the CREA or products of high value added there is a弱ness in the market and we have to consider it so we have the estimation we have to be prudents but always leaving the door open that especially throughout the year conforme goes avanzing we will always occur operations or possibilities that can or not reflect se lo cuenta resultados del 26 o pueden reflejarse en la cartera de pedidos y el desarrollo de negocio en el 27. Simplemente lo contextualizo un poco y ya que Yosu, si se atreve, se lo hace a por el 26. Bueno, claro que me atrevo. Lo que pasa es que nunca damos guidance y esta no va a ser una excepción. Lo que sí podemos decir es que, como ya hemos dicho hoy varias veces, la situación de contexto marca continuidad and in that sense our expectations go in the line of the continuity, with a level of uncertainty, not small, but with all that we have mentioned, and with a focus that we have mentioned once, but that I want to remark, and it is that we are commercially very selectively. In a situation of debility of market, there is always the risk of trying to grow in a way less rentable. Our focus is going to focus exclusively on the growth. Y en una situación de mercado en la que es difícil anticipar niveles de crecimiento en ventas, la primera prioridad del ejercicio que ya he mencionado se centra en la generación de caja. Por lo tanto, independientemente del volumen de ventas que finalmente seamos capaces de conseguir en el ejercicio, lo que sí tenemos claro es que este va a ser un ejercicio de generación de caja. Siguiendo con la caja y la deuda, por cerrar este capítulo, nos preguntan directamente si seguimos manteniendo nuestro objetivo de llegar a un ratio de deuda neta sobre vida por debajo de dos veces en 2027, teniendo en cuenta el contexto actual de mercado en el que estamos. Well, the answer to that is, that it is not simple. It is, like, as aspirational, the answer is always that yes. They have to give the circumstances to do it, but I think Iosu has been remarked in several moments of his exposition and it is that, independent of the volumes of activity that we are developing in every moment, the focus is always in the efficiency of capital and in the generation of cash. That means that in all areas of the operating and commercial level of the company, the discipline in what are the return of capital and free cash flow will be carried out to the minimum detail. When we say that, it's because there are plans established in the company to achieve those objectives. and I have the security, as I say, without knowing the final photo of the circulant that we have at the end of the 26th, but in a long period of time, as it may be the 27th, that, as the rentability intrínseca in the cartel of the requests, the focus to the caja and all the things that are the companies orientated in that direction, we will initially go to three, we will move between two and three times and at a certain moment and under circumstances we will reach that objective of two without the situation of exactly what year of 27 will happen, because it would be absolutely impossible. But there is a tendency to get the operational operational initiative, there are some of the management of management to all levels that are put in action, so we have the security of that we are doing well, and we will make that objective or we will get to the operational framework that we are defining. Thank you, Guillermo. What has been the impact in the market and in the 2025 in the North American market of your base of Trump's policies? Well, look, I think the number of market in the North American market in the 2025 has gone to almost 150 million euros and a very high percentage of those prices correspond to ventas produced in our North American plant. Therefore, the direct effect of the political arancelary of the government North American in our ventas there has been small. It is true that the ventas from our North American plant, as well as from our competitors, in some cases, they incorporate the first material that is imported, but we compete in the same conditions with the rest of the players of that market and therefore, any effect arancelary effect in importations is transferred to price of sale to the client. So I would say, and I would say the answer with this, that the effect direct has been absolutely minimal. We also ask about the possibilities of business for Tubacex the aperture of Venezuela in the oil market. Well, we have to see finally in what conditions that is open that market, with what projects of extraction and production different or additional to those that are now in the course. All the information that we have on the table We have to think that there will be important investment projects in the next years, but we also have to take into account that the characteristics of the gas and petrol in the Venezuelan waters are not those that require a greater amount of CRE, as can happen, for example, in the Brazilian waters or in the United States. United. There are opportunities if these plans are going to be materialized, which is what we have today, but we don't expect a replica of Abu Dhabi in Venezuela. We see it as opportunity, but at the same time with caution. The report of Durant's adjustment, we ask if it affects the specific activities, projects or concrete markets. A ver, the Durant's issue is a plant that is a startup in the United States, with high precision, or for intercambiators in high elevations. It's a plant that develops, or puts all the investment in the beginning, because of the pandemic, 2021, has a return in its initial position. The issue is dilated in time, it is advanced in the conclusion and the post-in-archa of plant. Then Joshua has commented, and it is true, that at the level of direct, in our sales, at having local production, the arancels are not affected. But at the level of global, as in a project, there can be a product that comes from many places, that always will have a arancel. The pass-through, to the final price, can be direct. or what can be produced are certain retrasos in projects. In certain moments, we have seen that, even though the strategic position of the company is correct, and being in the segment that they have to be, in segment of high value added, like the other plant we have in the United States, in Pennsylvania, we produce a retraso in terms of the generation of ventas and the generation of results. What we do is evaluate that effect, and although it was not necessary to do an impairment with a rigorous criteria of the audit, we do it to situ ourselves in a scenario of lentitude with the expected results and put an overall adjustment. It is not a specific adjustment to any machine or active fixed that we think we can appreciate or that has no use in time. It is a generic adjustment that, in case of not recuperating or not advancing the investment in the rate of the investment, we have done it. And in the case, which is the one that we hope, that in the time necessary, this plant enters in commercial and industrial, according to the parameters that we expected at the beginning, we can even revert in a future adjustment. So, what I want to leave absolutely clear is that this adjustment is not the first time of a re-restriction, of a cierre or anything that seems to be. It is simply a prudence of evaluation in terms of production of the projects that go to that plant and the próprio development interno technical-comercial that has had. That is the fundamental of what is the adjustment that has been done in the plant of Durant. Thank you very much. No we have more questions. So if you want to conclude with any final reflection or if not, we will close the session. Well, I think we're going to close. All the main thing we had to expose is that he has exposed. Thanks for the attention, thanks for listening to the presentation and thanks also to the participants who have launched questions, because I'm sure that they help the rest to understand some of the details of what we've expressed. We have said, we have done the presentation of a exercise that has been marked in a complicated environment, a retiable and incierto, but we have done it with satisfaction and at the same time, we have done this, which is already in course, with optimism, but at the same time with caution and prudence and with much security in which we are doing everything we have to do to be able to continue creating value for our accionists. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.